-10-

I did not give pleasure to my stepmother end then I discovered I was

being watched and reported for going to see my Grandmother, as my

father had forbidden me to go there for food. Vhen I enquired who bed
been the spy on me one of them told me it was my sister Katie. And to

my shame I believed them and struck her. And afterwards I found out it
was e lie. For some reason my stepmother did not like Katie end all the
menial tasks were imposed upon her. She had to fetch the water up.

She had to empty the slaps and it was doing this that something occured.
To go and fetch the water from the tap downstairs she had to pass through
the Landlady's kitchen. This women complained ehe hed lost money off the
mantel-piece and she accused my sister of taking it. As a result he:-
husband who wee a big Nawy said he wmted to see my father when he came
home from work. I can see that picture now. My rather went downstairs
into this kitchen and there he VIE told the story of the theft of the
money and who they Accused of taking it. I know my stepmother end the
landlady joined in with the general opinion that it was Katie who was

the thief. My father did not seem a bit concerned. He said "how

much was stolen". The woman replied "2 shilling and sixpence". My father
put his hand in his pocket and taking that amount out said “here it is".
The men stood up and said "Aint you going to give her a bashing" (meaning
Katie) end my father replied "No". "Then", said this big nsvvy "you are
no man". My father uid “I am man enough for you anyway" and in a. second
the fight was on. Oh what a fight. My stepmother and. the landlady were
holding my father's hands and he was getting the worst of it. So I dashed
in And overbelanced the women on the floor. This evened matters and I saw
that for a Rough end Tumble fight my father could hold his own. That night
the man downstairs brought some of his pals in. And my father went Ind
brought my uncle Jem McCarthy who was no fool in the art of self defence
and I imagine those who were downstairs realised who he was for beyond
giving us notice to quit no attempt was made at interference. My uncle
took my sister away with him and kept her until such time as she went away

again to l Convent School.

He moved to Bow Road next to e Music Hall over a tobacconist's shop.

I had to lemve school at 11 yeus of age and go to work. My first job

was a lather boy It s Barber‘s. I got 2/6d a week and my suppers, which
usually consisted cf e large mug of cocoa end fried fish and breed.

I used to get tipfrom the customers. But it did not suit at home as it
us not sufficient money. I next blossomed out as A paper boy woﬁcing on
a commission as wages. This sharpened me up a bit end I enjoyed jumping
on and off the trams and buses. Because that was a privilege in those MB

for newsboys were allowed to sen their papers to passengers on :11}.