-100-
19114

It was Sunday midnight at Prusom Street, Napping when I was made aware of

the Police knocking up Army and Navy Reservists. Then I got the news that

my Brother-in-Law had been called up far the Navy, so I dressed mylelf and
went to make enquiries at the Union Jack Club in the Waterloo Bridge where

my Brother—in—Law was in employment as a Superintendent. When I crossed the
Waterloo Bridge I sensed "War". The lights all along had been dimmed,

crowds were in the streets. one came across parties mostly "drunk" singing
Three cheers for the Red, White and Blue, and other Patriotic songs.

That fair got on my nerves because I had imagination what War could mean.

When I enquired at the club for Mr. McCarthy I was told he had received his
mobilisation papers and had gone to Portsmouth. Very depressed I came back
and reported to my wife and her people that her brother had been "called up".
Then there followed stories in the newspapers of atrocities committed by
Germans on women and children in Belgium. 50 I wrote off to the Pension
Paymaster at Canterbury enquiring if I could re-enlist. Back came the

reply that I could do so under various jobs. I could be a Groom, Cook,
Officer‘s Servant etc. and ﬂ would be Home Service. I went up to my wife
and said I’I am going to re—join the Army. Look what the Germans are doing to
little babies in Belgium",showing her the latest sensational story in the
newspaper. She said "you have not got the pluck", or something to that effect.
I gave her a look but kept my own counsel because I knew what I intended to
do. I went to a Recruiting Office and re-enlisted in the Dragoons. I recall
that after we had been sworn in by the Presiding Officer, .1 very old man, he
went out of his way to tell us of a serious mutilation that had occured on the
Western Front. "Have no mercy on them". he said. Such was The Gospel of Hate

in the year of our Lord Jesus Christ, nineteen hundred and fourteen.

We were told we could travel on the bus or trams free. All places of
entertainments were free to those who could show their Attestation Papers.

I went back home and said "Nell, I am going away" at the emetime showing her
my warrant and papers. It was in the Laundry that I broke the news. She
burst out crying saying "it‘s all my fault, it's what I said". I went off
to Stratford, received my pay and was told I was bound for Dunbar in Scotland.
I had to see me off my wife, my step-brother Jack and his wife Beatrice (one
of the best). I also discovered a neighbour who kept a shop in Prusom Street
a Jem Condy who was going to Woolwich (he never returned). We had to break
our journey at King's Cross so Jew and myself had a few drinks, then I found

out there was another late train to Scotland at midnight. So I made up my