—1o1-

mind to visit the firm where I was employed. where to my surprise I found
three dus‘ pay awaiting me. Due to the excitement I had forgotten this.
When I saw my employer he was quite overcome to know that I was the first 01'
his men to go on Service. "It's alright, Casey", he said, "it will all be
over in a few weeks“. I replied that I did not mind going away but my affairs
at home worried me considerable. "As long as my 'kids' are looked after",

I said, "while I am away I do not mind". Then back to Napping I went and it
was a very surprised wife to find when she came home from seeing me off to
Scotland that I was sitting at home, drunk. She sent off for Jack Duly.

my step—brother. and when he arrived I was prevailed upon to pull myself
together and Go. If I did not lead Jack a dance that night. I knew he
detested drink being a teetotaller, but so worried was he that I should not
miss my train he was prepared to pay for anything. As I got in the train

at Napping I came across an Anglican Clergyman, Father Wainwright, who was
with two ladies. He happened to notice I was bound for the Service, so he
got into conversation. I told him I was worried about the wife and children
I was leaving behind, also that I was not of his denomination as regards
religion. The ladies were interested and one was a good friend to me while

I was at The Front (but I anticipate).

On arrival at the platform at King's Cross I bade goodbye to Jack Daly

who to give him his due, had been very kind and considerate towards me

when I was in a very cantankerous mood. Then I observed a tall muscular

man in Khaki embracing a woman at the carriage door. He came into my
carriage and I realised that we two were possibly destined to be its only
occupants in our journey to Scotland. I could very well have dispensed with
his company as his behaviour and language was to say the least very Bad.

He took me for a civilian as no doubt I was. He inlormed me that he was
"Blinder" Haythread of the 5th Dragoon Guards also in the South African War.
He was Orderly to Gen. Baden-Powell. I just quietly informed him that I
also had served through the South African Campaign. This rather took him

by surprise and we soon were discussing different events relating to the War.
At all events he produced a bottle of whisky, then I brought out the flask
that Jack Daly had made me a present of. 50 through the night we travelled|
as daylight appeared we were crossing the Borders of Scotland and about 8 a.m.
on a saturday morning we arrived at Dunbar Station. As the train disgorged
its passengers I was greatly surprised to see many old familiar faces of the
1st King's Dragoon Guards. We all proceeded to the Cavalry Barracks of the
(Scots Greys) 2nd Dragoon Guards, where to our surprise the rooms were
overcrowded. I said to my newly found comrades "we are not going to sleep

in those rooms tonight because we shall soon be lousy". I said "let us