—102-

arrange with the Cook to get some straw from the stables and pack down
in a Marquee Tent". Although it was winter time this idea of mine was

acted on and we all slept warmly and cleanly.

But previously to this we had been and viewed Dunbar, a very ancient place
with a direct view of the North Sea. Peeping through the Courts and Alleys
where poverty prevailed one got a vision of the British Navy because there
were anchored Torpedo Boats and Cruisers. We went to the Railway Tavern

where the troopers of the Scots Greys were holding a Free and Easy Concert
and in the course of the evening I obliged with several songs and got them
singing the Chorus. A very untidz man came into our company and we found

he was 3 Sergeant Major.

The next morning (Sunday) we had to do Foot Drill on the Parade Ground and
this individual was our Drill—Instructor. Well I laughed, so we all did

when he started giving us details. It was really funny to see some old
soldiers, including myself, telling this Sergeant Major where he was wrong

in giving the word of Command. I then learned that the regiment I had
re-joined for, my old regiment the 1st King's Dragoon Guards, were in India
but that they were on their way to the War. So I gathered my pals together
and suggested we should put in an application to go to Aldershot as the
quickest method of getting to the Front. This idea of mind went like wild fire
through the barracks and when we approached the Commanding Officer of the
Scots Greys he gave his consent that a Draft should be sent to Aldershot

at once. So Monday morning found us being Played Out by the Band of the

Royal Scots Greys to Dlmbar Station. All the inhabitants of Dunbar turned

out to cheer us. Now I have alway been told and impressed that the Scotch
People are mean. I found that this is a Lie, and a Defamatory Lie on a Noble
Race of People. They came to the railway carriage windows and thrust cigarettes
and chocolates upon us. In fact I have plesant recollections of the people

of Dunbar.

We had a long and tedious journey to Aldershot. When we reached the Cavalry
Barracks all sorts of memories came crowding to my brain. It was here years
ago I had set out on my Australian Tour. It also seemed as if everybody

knew me. The Sergeant Major looked me over keenly and said "How old are

you?" I told him my age. "Alright, you go in the Forage Barn and make the
feeds out for the horses and take charge there". I realised that I had fallen
in for a Staff job that would be very easy tc accomplish. I went to the
forage barn and found there a young scotchman newly joined to the 5th Dragoon

Guards. He took me for s recruit just joined and I allowed him ta order me