-10}-

about and listened very quietly to his bragging about his soldiering
experiences. To his dismay and astonishment the forage barn was suddenly
invaded by two sargeants and two full eorporals. "Is old Dan Casey here?",
they roared, "come on Dan you are coming up to the Mess Room", and away I
went to find some very familiar faces of my previous soldieriug days.

There was one night when we were in the tbutre of the Brigade Canteen

that I saw sitting in the front seats amongst the Non-commissioned heads

of the Regiment a face I knew well. Telling my chums to wait a bit I went
in front and spoke to this individual. He got quite excited. "Here", he said,
"is my old batman Casey. Sit down Casey, what are you going to have?".

He did not seem to think that anything was too good for me. This individual
was Corporal Major Eggleton of the Royal Horse Guards Blues. I was very much
impressed by the kind welcome I was receiving from all sources. It seemed
also to impress the young recruits with whom I messed. This was in a big
marquee, the food was plentiful and good, but was dished up roughly so there
was a lot of waste, and the waste-tubs contained good food that many a poor
family could have done with. This was in my first few days at Aldershot.
Thousands of men were returning to the Colours. Thousands were joining
Kitchener's Army. And it was evident that England in declaring War on
Germany had done so without preparation. There was no uniforms. No
Blankets. No accommodation for the man. No rifles and guns for these
thousands that {locked into Aldershot. Drill was continuous all day,

yes for ten hours a day the task of making soldiers out of civilians went
on. My staff job a "GranvOrderly" excused me from all parades. And except
for a voluntary route march I was exempt from all this strenuous Drill.

I of course was out of condition and the route march done me good. With
our Sergeant Major and an Officer in charge we would match for miles along
the roads around Aldershot. The Sergeant Major would ask if anyone had a
mouth organ and to the tunes of "It's a long way to Tipperary". "Pack up
your troubles in your old kit has", and other tunes. the Army of civilians
would march. In sarcastic reference to the noncprovision of uniforms and
boots, we sang a song as we marched called "We are Fred Karno's Army". This
was a Music Hall Sketch Comedian popular at the time in a sketch called
‘Mumming Birds". This song was sung to the tune of a Salvation Army hymn and

the words with many swear words wen:

"We are Fred Kamo's Amy
What earthly use are we
He cannot fight. we cannot shout

A damned fine lot are we.