-104—

But when we get to Berlin

The Kaiser he will say

Hock Hock Main Gott

What a damned fine lot

are the men of the 5th D.G.'s.".

But at the end of these marches there was generally a surprise in store

for us. We were told to Double. This was to see how much energy was left
in us after our long march and it was surprising to see how one man out vied
with another and with what zeal this challenge to our Physical Fitness

was answered. Over the Jumps would come the Order from the Sergeant Major.
These were the Hurdles the horses used to jump over in our Mounted Drill.

A severe test after a long march. I recall we were ordered to "Follow my
Lender" one day and after going over the jumps he led the pack of us up

the steps to the berrsck room verwdsh. when he took a flying jump over the
rails of the vetendAh down to the ground below. To say I got the Wind-Up
was to put it mildly, but I saw the others take the jump and in my case it
was too late to draw back so over I went end found that a mattress hid been

placed under the rails to lessen the fall.

I managed to borrow a uniform and got a week-end leave to London, this

meant from Saturday afternoon until Sunday night as I was due back in

Aldershot by midnight. I visited the Finn and found that although I hsd

only been away a couple of weeks the Her had made Trade Busy. Yet A fortnight
previously we had been put on Short time. Everyone seemed to be certain that
it would all be over in six—months. Then a statement was issued that a Russian
Army had passed through London on its way to the Front. This was only one

of the many lies that was never contradicted by any official authority during
the War. I visited a Public House kept by a German in the Ratcliffe Highway,
as the wife and myself were going towards Waterloo Station on the Sunday
evening. There I ment 5 friend Pat Hahoney. He turned to the Landlord and
said "here‘s Dan Casey going out to fight some of your German pals, what about
driving him to Waterloo Station in your car?". I was highly amused at the
audacity of this request but the Landlord took it all in good part and drove

us all to Waterloo Station in his car. He also stood treat, so did Pat Mahoney
and it was a jolly send off I had to Aldershot that Sunday evening. It
transpired that before the next Sunday I was to he on my way to France. But

I had no idea eventswould move as rapidly as they did. I recall that a couple
of days later I had just come from the Canteen to have my dinner when I noticed

the Orderley Ssrgeant rather excited. He was An old King's Dragoon Guards