_ 105 ..

Sargeant that I knew. "What's up?", I asked him. He replied that he

wanted 25 volunteers for the Front at once. "Then put my name dam", I

said. He said "Casey you are marked for Home Service only, but do you want
in go?". "Of course I do", I said. "Alright", he said "get ready for
Doctor's inspection". Now I had no uniform or accoutrements, I had not

fired a shot on the Husketry Range, I had done no Drills and yet within two
hours I obtained all that was necessary to parade before the Brigadier
General who was to inspect the draft for France. In company with my pals

we went up to the barrack rooms where the recruits of the 5th Dragoon

Guards were. I saw a young fellow whose uniform I thought would fit me.

"I want to change clothes with you my lad". I said. When he realised that I
was one of the Volunteers he quickly complied. Then I had my choice of the
weapons that were laying on the barrack room table. and with my previous
experience I knew what I required and took it. This included a bayonet.
When we paraded in our full kit, I found that I was right hand man on the
Parade and it suddenly dawned on me that when it came to the Order "Fix Bayonets"
that the "time" would be taken from me. It had been years since I had done
such a thing before. However when the Order came "Fix Bayoneta" I stepped
smartly three paces to my front, put my right hand out in front of me and
with a glance round a quick nod of my head went through the evolution of
Fixing Bayonets as thcugh I had been on the Drill Ground for weeks. Then
after the parade was over I committed a big mistake. Instead of sending a
telegram to my wife to notify her I was off to the Front. I sent a post-card
fagetting that time was so short. and I was down-hearted to think that owing
to this blunder I should not see my wife before I went to France. I learned
afterwards that she and Boy Denis came to Aldershot to be told that I had gone.
She told me the Officers there were very sympathetic and kind to her. Still

through my own fault they were unable to see me off.

It was midnight when I went aboard the troop ship at Southampton. Trains
were coming almost without noise along side the ship in the darkness. And
troops were coming up the gangway until the ship seemed to me to be over—
crowded. Then the Order came "Every Man must put his Life-Belt on". And

I became aware for the first time that I was in the Danger Zone of War.

We were a very silent crowd of soldiers on that ship that night. We were
packed like sardines. But as we cast off and the dawn came we saw our escort
The British Navy. Yes. there on both sides of our ship were the Torpedo
Destroyers to ensure that this ship was going to get to France in spite of the
German Navy. We arrived at Boulogne safely and cheering crowds of women and
old men welcomed us. Away we marched up a steep hill to a rest camp. To

say that it was cold up there is a mild description. It was September 1914