-106—

but it might have been January in the Arctic regions. It was cold and we

were all on edge and in bad tempera. When we were ordered to Rouen. back

we came to the Vharf and on to another ship. It was on this ship that one

of my pals won some money at cards. He won quite a pile and as he was of a
generous disposition I never went short when we reached our destination. This
City of Rouen was an innovation to me, I went out with several others to view
it. We had been told that the French people were very polite and expected
politeness in return. 50 we learned some French to convey our meaning,

such as "Merci" for thankyou, "Eon-jour". and etc.

We had in our possession a warning from Lord Kitchener to keep away from
Women and Wine, while we were on Service and with all the welcome we had
received on our arrival in France, I realised that this warning was

necessary for in the back-streets of Rouen were Brothels. Not hidden as

they are in this country. but flamboyantly proclaimed. We stayed a week at
Rouen then the Officers became eager to get to their respective Regiments

at the Front. So we entrained for Flanders. It was at Amiens station

that I got my first impression of the Var. An Ambulance—train came in and
when we enquired what was the matter with the soldiers who crowded the windows
we were told they had "frozen feet". He proceeded on to Hazebruch station
where on the platform we saw a soldier belonging to a Highland Regiment.

He was wild in his msnnerism and kept on muttering about "Coal boxes", and that
there was no flies on Germans. We took no notice of him as we knew he would
soon be arrested for being absent from his regiment and possibly shot. We
marched with our heavy kits 17 kilometres to where the 5th Dragoon Guards were
billeted. And here I became very downhearted because I knew no-one in this
regiment and those I had travelled from England with were sent to a different
squadron of the regiment. I was sent to B. Squadron, No. 2 troop. who were
billeted in a barn of a Flemish farmer. What a cheerless sight was my first
view of this squadron. The horses were picketed in a hop field in a sea of
mud. Mud was everywhere, it came up to our ankles. The regiment had been in
action and had lost the Colonel. a Colonel Anson. They had come into contact
with the German Uhlans. It was a very excited crowd of new comrades I found
myself amongst. They were all very young, in fact too young to be engaged in
War. And yet when I listened to their exploits at shooting Germans I knew I
was up against the biggest event in my life. Standing round the csunp-fire
watching a pot containing rabbits and chickens boiling, they told me all the
exciting details of how the Commanding Officer of E. Squadron had been killed.
And how a Sargent Harper (who was present) had gone out under a heavy fire
to bring his Officer in. In consequence of which he had been given the

Diet inguished Conduct Medal .