-107-

When I went to the lines to be given a horse and Beddle. the troop-sargeant
asked me was I a Lord Kitchener's man. I told him I had re—enlisted.

"How much is your pay a m7", he asked. I told him 8d a day as I had to
leave 9d A day for my wife and family. He seid "by the time this is finished
you will be in debt". He then asked me if I had ever been under "shell—fire".
I found out after he was "deed windy" of shell-fire. It sppeu‘s that on the
Parade Ground he could be a bully but on War's Parade Ground he was an abject
coward. The troops had him dated alright. However he never interfered with
me. I was given a horse called 8.98 and was warned by the fellows in the
troop to be careful as it had what was termed a "cold back", and it would buck
me off. Sure enough that morning it snowed hard. The horses had no protection
from the bitter weather, so we were ordered to exercise them on the roads.

As soon as I mounted this horse it started bucking and plunging and I done
what is not allowed in a cavalry regiment. I grabbed the saddle to prevent
being thrown off. They did not know it was the first time I had been on a
horse's back for years. We got on the road and everyone gave me a wide berth
because this horse was lashing out with both hoofs so much so that the horse
I was leading I had to let go and it went galloping off after the Squadron.
The Sargesnt—Major came to me that morning. He was a sullen—faced man called
Harrington and I knew what authority he wielded. I was very nervous of this
man. "What was the matter with you this morning?", he asked. I told him

I had trouble with the horse. He said "you were frightened of the horse,

and the horse knew it". I coloured up and admitted that what he said was
right. Then he adopted a different tone. Glaring at the listening soldiers
he said "Of course anyone not used to a horse like that and unaware of what
is the nature of the animal would certainly be flung off". But I had not

been flung off.

We got the news that the Commander in Chief Field Marshal Sir John French was
to visit on the next day. The Sargeant Major when he conveyed the orders to
us told us that he did not expect us to be too precise under the conditions
that prevailed, but if we sewed a button on that was missing and tried to be
as smart as possible, it would do. Now I had only just joined this regiment.
It was October 191%. They had been in Action and done wonders. And here was
the Commander in Chief coming to visit us. We paraded on a country road and
presently his car came up. I saw a short stout old man in Field Marshal‘s
uniform get out. He acknowledged the salute we gave him, and then desired
we should gather around him as he wished to speak to us. It was surprising
to me - no pomp, no ceremony. This man who controlled the British Army in
France addressed us "Officers and Men of the 5th Dragoon Guards I have come

to congratulate you an your recent achievements. The Enemy you fought

outnumbered you ten to one and yet by your determined gallantry you stopped