_ 108 _

him reaching his objective — Paris. IL is true you have lost your gallant
Colonel but he died as a soldier like him would wish to die, with his face
towards the Enemy". He went on to describe various incidents and how the
people in England placed their trust in us. I who had. listened to Politicians
and Speakers at Election Meetings was vividly impressed by the homely. friendly
manner this great soldier adopted towards us. And when they gave three cheers
for Sir John French I cheered as loud as the rest. He then told us that the
King was coming out to see us. But for obvious reasons it must be kept a
secret. He then departed in his car and we marched back to our scattered

billets.

The reason we were scattered in various barns in the villages was because

it was winter time and the troops had to be under shelter. Also it deluded
the enemy observation aeroplanes. as there was no large assembly of

troops and yet the whole Cavalry Division could be mustered in a very short
time if the need arose. The barn that I was sent to contained two troops of
men and was fairly crowded, it also contained straw and hay that belonged to
the farmer. It was impossible to keep clean and like the rest I was soon
lousy. This barn was also infested with rats and to add to my discomfort
for I have a repugnance to these vermin. they ran over us as we laid down to
sleep. I used to cover my head over with my blanket, and one night a rat
me and squatted on my head. I cannot describe how I felt. We were awakened
every morning by a sargeant who curtly called out “show a leg". He only
called once and it went hard for the fellow who was late in turning out.

We then had to answer our names. It was amusing to see how each man tried
to find 3 place to stand on out of the mud. We went to sleep with wet feet
and awoke with wet feet, some had difficulty on getting their boots on.

I was fair miserable as due to the constant rain and mud. I had rheumatics
in my shoulders, but "turn in the lines and rub them horses down", came the
order and no—one dare dis—obey. The poor beasts were in a see of mud over
their fetlocks and shivering in the icy winds. He set to work rubbing them
down and then took them for exercise along the roads. It seemed difficult
for me to realise that just previous to my joining this Squadron this very
place I was at had been the scene of a conflict between our fellows and the
Germans - until I saw by the roadside scattered graves where some poor fellows
had been buried. We were in a Village celled Metre, 17 kilometres to our
front was Ypres where the guns were booming day and night, and also where 9.
Thin Khaki Line was keeping the Germany Army at bay. Behind us was the
Monastery of Mon-de—Cats on a Mount that gave a clear view of the Salient
at Ypres. We had to be always in readiness to turn out quickly. And this

caused me several scares.