.. 109 _
It was about 2 o‘clock one morning that the Order came "Saddle—Up".
In the inky darkness we blundered through the mud to find our horses.
All was done quickly but also with a lot of cursing and swearing. One
dzap by the name of Smith said to me"Don't get excited Casey I'll bet its
a false alarm and we will be back in this mud—hole again very soon".
We formed up and the Order came “Fours.right, trot". And then I saw
thewhole Cavalry Brigade mustered for out of the darkness there came
troops and troops of cavalry. To our disgust when we reached what was termed
the rendezvous we saw the General on his horse with his watch in his hand
timing us to see how long we had taken to get there. The Officers received
some instructions, and back we came to our billets. But the cursisg as we
returned ought to have turned the cmmtryside blue. "What did I tell you"
said Smith sarcastically, "the brains of the British Army I could put in a
thimble". Others also had their grouse, but we dumped our saddles on the

ground. fed our horses and sought some grub for ourselves.

We had been told in orders what comprised our bounds and what parts were
forbidden. There was an estaminet (French wine shop) we were allowed to visit
not far away and this was always crowded as it was the only place available for
entertainment. We had a free and easy concert there of an evening. It was
frequented by all ranks. And I made some friends in H.Battery of the Royal
Horse Artillery who belonged to our brigade. To oblige I sang and recited all
the old stuff that I knew and became a favourite with all of them. This gave
rise to an event that is worth recording. Listening to my recitation "Christmas
in the Workhouse“ was Sargeant Harper who had received the D.Gu . for bravery
on the field. After he had congratulated me on my rendering of this Recitation
he told me he had composed a poem that he would like me to recite. The title
was "Christmas Day in the Trenches" and it wanted. but a few weeks to Christmas
191“. Would I read it and see what I could do? I promised that I would.

And to the astonishment and pleasure of all the troops I did recite it. so
much so that it caused a demand for copies of it. And had I but the leisure
time to write the copies out I could have done a good stroke of business as
they sold for one franc a copy. As near as I can recollect after all these

years, it went as follows:

(Christmas Day in the Trenches 1911+)
By Sargeant Harper D.C.M. 5th Dragoon Guards
recited by Dan Casey, 5th Dragoon Guards.

It was Christmas M in the Trenches

The sentry grave and stern
was looking out for the enemy
While at home his dear loved ones yearned.