-11..

Public Vehicles. My father did not know I was doing this and one Sunday
he pounced on me and made me take the papers back to the shop. I then
learned I was to go into Service. And as a first step in this direction
I was taken on this Sunday morning to Bow Convent to interview a Sister
Ann Catherine. This was a very aged Sister who walked very lame she having
met with an accident at some time or the other and left hex- : cripple.

She used to drag one of her legs along as she walked and it was painful to
see the effort it caused her. I knew her as the Sister who had given me
lessons in Latin to learn how to 583 Mass. Because I had been on the Altar
as an Alter Boy and could give the responses at Mass she spoke very kindly
to me. And told my father that a good Catholic lady desired a boy in her
house to make himself generally useful. That I was to interview her in
the company of my father the next day. So the following day I took with
me a very small paper parcel containing a clean shirt as that was all the
wardrobe I possessed. And we both travelled to Homsey Lane, my father
impressing on me :11 the way that I was to do everything possible to
please this lath]. There had been no heart burnings at home when I left
that morning, I think they were pleased to see me go. My sister had been
sent back to the Convent and here was I at 12 years of age being drafted
into Service. I had no time to bid gaodbye to my only loved one. my
dear Grandmother, I had been forbidden to go there. And listening to

my father the thoughts that came to me were not very cheerful, as I

felt as if I was an unwanted child.

The house I was to go to stood in Hornsey Lane and had 3 crossed bar gate
and a carriage drive. The front of the house faced on to a big lawn and
there was a big long garden with fruit trees and ﬂowers. And right at
the bottom was a stable in which was stabled a pony and an open invalid
carriage that I was soon to be made acquainted with. There was a tradesmen‘s
entrance at the side of the house and that is where we went and rang the
bell. The door was opened by a servant girl of about 20 years of age who
conducted us both to the lady, a Mrs. Shepherd. She was a tall lady with
very sharp eyes and a prominent nose with her hair built up on the top of
her head in the fashion of the period. The terms she came to with my
father I never understood because I was not consulted at all except when
she mentioned that I was very thin, which I suppose was due to the
fattening qualities of rice and salt, one of the items we had at home.

At any rate I was left there, my father bade me good bye and I was

left behind like some chattel.