—m-

And then followed a retinue of Staff Officers. But what a contrast was the
smart soldierly Officers to the small stature of the man who is King George
the 5th. We heard General Allenby describing the part played by the regiment
in their contact with the enemy. Then we were called on to give three cheers

for His Majesty the King. which we did also waving our swords in the air.

After he had gone our Major commanding B. Squadron said "B. Squadron -

Troops right about wheel - gallop“. And at a flying gallop we went across
country. At first my horse began to plunge and kick, but soon settled down

to the gallop. I had cause to be thankful that morning that I had a good

horse under me for quite suddenly we came to a sunken road that was easily
eight feet wide. Without any hesitation our Major who was an experienced
steeple-ehaser took the jump. We of course had to do likewise. I felt my
horse rise and spring like a cat and I came across safely. A fellow behind

me who had just managed to scramble across said "Blimey Casey, you are on a
bird. not a horse". For those who failed to do the jump the Major sarcastically
called out "there is a bridge down there for the ladies". Any rate there was
two fellows met with accidents and had to be taken to hospital. As I was
passing this Major at the Billet he was talking to the Sargeant Major who

said as I went by "that‘s the man". They both stared at me and I wondered
what was the matter. I was to learn later. General Allenby had an inspection

and I was close enough to hear him say "They will be alright for the trenches“.

For the winter both sides had dug themselves in and it was to be a trench—
warfare. The Casualty List was heavy. The Infantry were exhausted and had
t) have a rest. 50 the Cavalry had to be dismounted and go in the Trenches.
The Sargeant Major was to stay behind as we were to have a draft of the 10th
Husaars newly out from England to look after our horses. and the Sargeant
Major was to supervise Ichese men. Then a strange thing occured. Every man
received his iron rations and whale-oil to rub in to his legs. This was a
thick green oil and was used because the trenches were water-logged and men
had to stand up to their waists in water. The proper trench system had not

begun at this period such as the communication trenches and tunnels.

This was a new experience for the men of the 5th Dragoon Guards and a strange
atmosphere seemed to prevail. All sorts of presentiments were uttered. I
heard one sargeant say "if I am to be hit I hope I don't get hit in the
stomach”, yet sure enough he was hit by a German bullet in the stomach.

If I said that I did not feel concerned myself it would be a lie. Tc myself

I prayed that whatever happened I shoulo not he a coward, I prayed that I would

not lose my nerves and that the Almighty God would watch over me.