.115-

As the preparations for the trenches went on, no—one seemed to know anything
about me. I was not or. the orderly—sargeant‘s list of names. He sent me

to my troop sergeant. No, he did not have my name down on his list. They

both said "Go and ask the Sergeant Majur". It appears that they were frightened
of him too. They had the order from him ~ 919—11 man for the trenches and yet
my name did not appear on the list. I got ready to go to the trenches. Then

I thought I would ask what section I should be in. So I knocked at his

door at his billet. "Come In", he called. I ,Jent in and he was writing.

"What do you want?". he growled. I said, "Excuse me Sargeant Major, Am I

for the trenches only nobody seems to own me as my name is not on the lists.".
He looked uy at me very keenly. "Why", he said "do you want to go?"

"Yes", I replied, and I am all ready". "Well", he said, you are Lot. for

the trenches. You are stepping back with me. Have my horse here at midnight
without a saddle and bring your own horse to see the Regiment off". I was
surprised to get this order and wondered what was the reason that exempted me
from parading that night with the others. But in the Army one must not ask
questions. You have to do as you are told. When I went back to the troop where
all the fellows were furbishing their rifles and bayonets and assembling

their kits as they were to leave that night for the trenches, I told them

the result of my interview with the Squadron Sergeant Major. Some of them

said that I ought to consider myself lucky. viy own particular chums said

it was hard luck that I was not coming along with them as they knew that

in no sense of the word was I "Dodging the Trenches". And as I watched them

in their preparations I felt miserable. It has to be remembered that I had
known these chaps only a couple of weeks. That compared with myself although
they all were younger than me in my eyes they were "veteran soldiers". They
had received their "Baptism of Fire". They had met and fought the picked troops
of the German Army. And I had yet to see any of the Enemy. There was one chap
there who had shot six Germans. When this troop to which I belonged had been
in action and all of them had diltihguished themselves in some way or other.
And when I reflected that for some reason not explained to me I was to be left

behind, I felt none too happy.

About 10.30 p.m. I left the barn to go to the horse-lihee to fetch the
Sargeant-Major'a horse and my own, lloshing through the mud that surrounded
them. I untied their head ropes and fastening a bit in their mouths and
without saddles I led them towards the farm-house where the Sargeant—Major
had his billet and Office combined. He came cut and without deigning to
speak a word to me he vaulted on his horse‘s back. I somewhat laboriously
climbed on my horse's back and folluwed him. We had not far to go as it was
only to the cross—roads in the Village of Metre. But he preferred to ride

instead of walking. I noted he wore his "British Warmer" overcoat and I wished