-12-

I soon found out I was not to be idle. My duties would have filled a
back. From half past six in the morning when I had to come downstairs
very quietly (not to disturb the family) to light the kitchen fire;
clean up the hearth; clean all the boots; go down to the ltable;
water, feed and clean the pony. And here my early acquaintaince with
car men came in handy as I did have some idea how to groom a horse.

I had this servant girl. supervising me and she saw that I had plenty to
do. "The ”issue" was a tartar and was always finding me jobs to do.

The only consolation I got was I had good food. but to one like myself
who had had the run of the streets, I felt like a prisoner must feel
caged in. I recollect one morning going out with a pail to scrub the
outside step at the main gate. She had made me a kind of white trousers
to slip on when I was doing the housework. A policeman came up and stood
watching me work. All of a sudden he said "Christ boy, you have got
your Missue'a drawers on". I felt so ashamed to think that these
overalls she had made could make me look so ridiculous‘l-nd was determined

to leave .

So I summoned up courage to give her notice one morning. She fair laughed
in my face and told me I still owed for the outfit I had. I did not know
what to do but eventually wrote a long letter to my Aunt Eliza who was
married and lived in Lambeth. I told her all my troubles and back one

the answer that she should find me a shelter with her.

I made some artful preparations for running away. First I got an oil can
and oiled the bolts on the side door and early next morning with my small
belongings tied up in a red handkerchief and a bit of a stick I had cut
from a tree in the garden. I crept down the stairs carrying my boots in
my hand. I know I was very nervous as I slid back the bolte. I put my
boots on and hurried off leaving the door open as I was afraid to slam

it on account of the noise it would make. There were not many people
about excepting those going to their early work. I recollect reading

the inscription on the Dick Whittington stone in Archway Road and wondering
if ever he had been sent out to Service. I tramped along mile after mile
till I reached my Aunt‘s place at Lambeth.

After being made welcome and given something to eat she was nervous as
to what her husband would say, so she called in the aid of her landlady.
a big plump woman whose name was Mrs. Palmer. She persauded my Aunt to
keep me and not send me home and it was she who simply compelled my Uncle

Bob who did not want me to alter his mind and agree that I should live
with them.