-11.-

There was a rather athletic looking Priest there and I suppose prompted
by my father he took me aside and questioned me. I recollect he knew that
I had been living with people who never went to Church. And that I had
never been to Mass, Confession or Communion for a very long period. He
asked me of the differences I had with my stepmother and pointed out to
me that I was the only child my father had now. and it was my "duty" to
stay with him. Then he took me to the coffin and over my sister's body
he made me promise that I would go back and live with him. My sister
was to be buried in the Convent grounds. And in the whole of my life I
have never seen a more touching or beautiful funeral. There is nothing
to compare in this world the Rite: of the Roman Catholic Faith. And when
after the service in the Convent Chapel the girl pupil: all dressed in
white with veils formed into a procession, four of the tallest girls

put handkerchief: through the handles of the coffin. The Sisters and.
and the Priest following in the rear, I was simply overcome and blinded

with tears.

When we returned home I found I would have to lose my job in Bermondsey
owing to the diatanc- and far a time was out of work. Then I had a go
at various jobe. Baker‘s roundsman, a wholesale Chemists (where my
cousin Dan worked) as an errand lad and so the time passed until I

was 17 years of age. When being out of work again, our Landlord who
kept the tobacconist‘a shop over which we lived in the Bow Road, a

Mr. Cummings. asked me if I would like a Job at the Music Hall next door,
of course I was quite eager to accept. It appeared that they wanted two
attendants for the pay-box. "Go and make yourself smart" said Mr. Cummings.
So I went upstairs and put on a dicky collar, which was a collar and a
false shirt front combined and cleaned my old boots. And yet I felt I
looked shabby. However, I got the job to take over the stall: pay-bcx.

I went upstairs to the Office of the Music Hall and was isaued out with
35.0.0. change in an canvas bag, a box cantaining a roll of numbered tickets
and a memorandum form on which the returns of tickets gold was to be entered.
The mode cf procedure was this. 1st, count and check the $3.0.0. change.
2nd, write on the form the number of the ticket that would he Hold lirat.
3rd. when the Hall closed to subtract the number of the ticket I had

started with from the number next to go in the box. And thus arrive at

how many tickets I had sold, then write on the form how much was silver and
how much bronze and total the amount up. Although I was a bit nervous and
had never done anything like it before I was only a shilling out in my

takings the first night. It then transpired that the man they had engaged