-15-

for the Gallery pay box was better dressed and more suitable for the Stalls
pay box being a men about 95 years of age, and I was told to change over

to the Gallery pay box. the result as I will show was to make me a

Crook. I recollect it was a Saturday evening when I first took over

the Gallery pay box and crowds were paying {or admission. When it got a
bit quiet the checktsker came downstairs and asked me was I a pal of Bishop?
On my replying in the affimstive he said "well you know the game".

And to my astonishment he hurriedly slipped me a parcel of tickets that

I had previously sold and ran up the stairs. To try and explain how I

felt would be impossible. And then the temptation got hold of me and I
fall {or it. The business was to meet the checktsker in the lavatory
after the show and give him half the proceeds and keep the other half

for nyself.

Thenthe Management put it to me that I should become a Bill Inspector

and Moneytaker combined for 2‘4/— 5 week. This Inspectors job consisted
in going along with a Bill Poster and keeping a record of streets and
shops that were exhibiting the Ehpire Bills. Also I had the "giving away"
of "Complimentary Tickets" to those shops displaying the Bill Frames.

I generally got a tip for these tickets. Then I took to having a flutter
on horses and dressing in the fashion of the "Boys" of the day. I was
simply rolling in money. I gave my stepmother every penny of my 24/-
wsges and now wonder that it did not arouse suspicion that I must be
doing something not straight. About this time I was introduced to the
"Sisters Brooke" singers and dancers. Their proper name was Bullock
whose father was a retired Prison Harder. I fell in love (calf love)
with one of them, Cissy Brooks. She had long golden curls and pencilled
eyebrows and all the srtifices of the stage. And I spent my money freely
in her company and the professional crowd she knew curling home at 2 and

3 o'clock in the morning. Everybody used to tell me she was old enough to
be my mother. But it love in blind, then I was blind. Then one night I
got A shock. The door of the pay box was burst open and in rushed the
Manager and the Inssee of the Theatre. "How many tickets have you sold"
they asked me. I gave them the number I had sold legitimately. And even
while they were questioning me I had two tickets pslned in my left hand
and just then a voice said "2 for the Gallery" and I got rid of then right
under their noses, so to speak. I still wonder hcw I retained my nerve
and kept As cool as I did. My brain was going at lightning speed.
"Send for the Police" said the Lessee "I am being robbed for there is

over 100 people in that Gallery not paid for". In a short time two