—16-

Detectives arrived on the scene. I knew ane of them by sight as a Sergeant
but did not imagine he knew me until he said "Hello. young Casey, what
have m been up to?". As cool as a cucumber I told him that I did not
know what all the bother was about. They next decided to all go upstairs
and Interview the checktaker. And then I got busy. I knew how much money
should be abstracted to pay for the tickets that had been sold twice

and simply retaining some copper and 2 sixpences in my pockets, I made

a packet of the rest and calling a Programme boy who was passing I asked
him to mind it for me explaining that I had backed a horse celled Little
Red Rat and it had won at 16-1. and there was a bit of trouble over the
tickets etc. I know the boy believed it was Gospel Truth. And with the
money out of the way I prepared to declare my innocence. Back they came
with the check-box which they unlocked and proceeded to empty all the
tickets on the floor. They then put them in their numerical arder to

see if forged tickets had been used. And I could see that they were
puzzled so I jumped up and volunteered to be searched. One of the "tens"
eyed me keenly for a moment then he said “alright I will". So I put

my hands above my head and he searched me thoroughly with no results
excepting the small amount I had retained. The police then put me through
an examination which I have since heard called "The Third Degree". And
knowing as I did that they had not a particle of Evidence I kept Cool,
Calm and Collected. Then they started conjecturing how people could

get into the Gallery without paying. And I played them a Big Bluff.

I said "through the emergency doors". These were doors fitted with a
patent belt that would open as soon as they were pushed from the inside
and to he used in case of fire. And I knew that one or these bolts waa
faulty because the Theatre Fireman over a glass of beer had told me about
it. So trusting to luck and that what he had told me was true, out we all
went for me to show them how this door could be opened from the outside.
And I won. I observed between the door and the doorstep a sufficient gap
that one could get his fingers under. And laying flat on my stomach I got
my hand under the door, gave it a rattle and a tug and open it came.

I think I felt as proud of of this demonstration as if I was the most
innovative chap alive and was exposing something that would prevent them
from being cheated. At all events I carried on with my job and when the
Hall closed I was called upstairs into the Office and told by the Manager
that the checktaker had been discharged, and although he was supposed to
discharge me too, he was convinced I had nothing to do with it and I

was to carry on with my job.