-17-

And now I must relate came the worst part or the matter, because if I had
succeeded in "throwing dust" in the eyes of the manager I did not

succeed so fer as the Police were concerned. Then two detectives may
have been baffled but they were a long way from being beaten. Everywhere
I went it soon dawned on me that I was "under observation". My stepmother
liked a drop of gin. and when she told me how some nice gentleman had
enquired how much I gave her a week and she had told him that I was a good
chap and gave her 24/- a week. I took alarm because 2W- was my wages.

And I knew I had been watched to see how much I spent.

There was a fellow by the name or Jack Tracy in charge of the bar in

the Balcony of the Hall and I knew he made a hit by watering the whisky.
One Sunday evening there was quite a party of us in a saloon her of a
pub in the Bow Road. It included some ladies on the staff at the Hall.
Jack and his wife, my girl (Cissy Brooks the dancer) and myself. I know
that I had been standing drink: all round and that I was slightly
intoxicated. when in walked the Manager end his wife. I sprang up to
ask them what they were going to have, at the same time I pulled out a
sovereign to pay.Be!ore they or anyone could see the sovereign I held in
my hand, Jack Tracy caught hold of me so quickly that no-one noticed it.
"Sit down", he fairly hissed in my ear, "I‘ll pay". And when he had paid
for the drinks and we had all wished each other Good Health, Jack nudged
me and whispered "pull yourself together. Inn. Look who is over there".
And looking up I looked straight into the eyes of the detective sergeant
who had crose-exsmined me in the pay box. Needless to add it sobered me
as quick as lightning. And then we all drank up and came out. I did not
feel in the humour for any lovemaking that night. I was thinking,
thinking all the time. Cissy'wented to know what was the matter with me
and I know she received very short answers. Because I could see the Red
Light, yes I could see danger.

So on the following morning (Monday) I interviewed the Manager and told
him I wanted to give him a week's notice to leave. I gave as my reason
that I was thinking of going behind the bar as a Barman and Cellarman.

He was sorry he said to lose me. but he would give me a Good Character.
And as if my wish was to be fulfilled there was a vacancy for a Barman
at a public house near Bow Bridge which I applied for and obtained.

The Manager of the Music Hall gave me a splendid reference I know because
I read it. So on the following week there was I behind the bar in e
White Starched Shirt and Collar and an apron the size of n handkerchief.