-18-

The Governor of the pub uked me my Christian name and when I told him
Den, he said that he dtd not care for that name but that he would call
Ie Henry. He spent sole time explaining the meannres. the prices and the
manner to give change from the till. And for the ﬁrst two hours "Eenry"
was a model smart Barman. But, about 12 noon in came a crowd of fellows
who knew me at the Hell. "Gawd Blimy“ they said "Look who's here.

Dun Cauy. How 30'- it Dan. A pot of ale quick", and of course I

served them with Bitter and Burton. Soon after there was e tap on

the Bar Parlour window behind me and the Governor called me in.

“Henry", he said "our old Barman has asked to stop on. If I give you

a quid will you take it in lieu of notice". And as I could see with
hnlf an eye what we: the matter and more so when who should I see sitting
in the Parlour but my very esteemed friend the 'Tec', I accepted.

That night I was standing outside the Hall when the Manager came along.
"Hello Dun" he said "I thought you eturted at the Bombay Crab". "So I did"
said I, "and got discharged in two hours". I told him about the old
Barman being supposed to ltay on. And the Menage:- was furious. "I gave
you an excellent character reference", he said, "and I want you ta sue hir-
lor damages". And he meant it too. But what I never mentioned was seeing
the detective sitting in the Be: Parlour. I had made up my mind as to

the best way out of it.

My attain at home were never comfortable. I had several fights with one
o! my stepbrothers and on each occasion had given him a severe bashing
an that my stepmother turned on me. And so I determined to enlist for
A Soldier. Off I went to Tower Hill and was soon approached. by e
Recruiting Sergeant in his gay ribbone who asked me if I wanted to join
the Army. Now although I was fairly tall I was what is termed "Weedy".
At any rate, the Recmiﬁng Sergeant took me to his office in Royal Mint
Street, where he weighed me. tested my eyesight with the dots on the well,
first one eye and then the other then he said "Yes, I think you will do
alright although you are a bit short in the weight. Come on we will go
up to St. George's Barracks and see whet they say". So off we went. 0::
the way he ssked me if I would have eonething to drink and on ly saying
yes, we went in a pub on the way and he bought lone beer.

When I got in {rant of the doctor who put me through all the tests required
for a candidate to Queen Victorie's Amy, he declared I was 2 lbs. short

in the weight. So the Sargent told me to go and buy a pound of new breed
and drink as much water as could be safely swallowed. I done what he told
me end passed the Doctor on the understanding that I should do a. training
in the Militia before I could be accepted for the Regular Anny.