_ 19 _
So the next etege found me being marched off with a batch of others to
Chewing Croee Station, each of whom were destined to different depots
o! the Regiments they had enlisted in, end I know I felt envious of then

because a! the provision that I should go in the Militia first.

New in 1896, the time I an! quoting, the Militia wee e notorious place

for all the roughest elements of menit comprised. Tramps. Gaol Birds

and people in and out of Cesual Wards. In fact not many of then had any
intentions of joining the Regular Amy. They went solely to get the 30/-
bounty end the pair of Amy Boots given to each man after his seven weeks'
training. During the training one received the Army Ratione end Amy pay
which latter was paid daily and wee one shilling. I was sent to the 5th
Bett. Rifle Brigade. And when I entered the Barracks at Woolwich and
wee presented to the Regimental S.M., I was taken first to have my hair
cut short by the Bettelion Berber who expected a tip and got it. Next

I had to be issued with my kit. This consisted of boots, Socks 2 pairs,
Shirts 2, Drawers 2, Razor, brush, towel. hair brush and comb. a dark
green Uniform end Glengary Scotch Cap with 2 black ribbons behind,

Rifle, Bayonet and Straps and Pouches. Valise end Belt. And I was
instructed in the problem as to the manner these were all to be assembled
and carried. I next found myself in a long barrack-x'oom with bed-cots
along each side. I suppose the room held over )0 of these cots. And then
I looked round to see what sort of people I should have as room-mates

and it appeared to me as if I hed never seen such a villainous lot of
feces in my life. I was not altogether ignorant myself as to swear words.
But as I listened to those I had to sleep with I felt sick. Where I lay
was next to the door, and as night drew near the appointed room orderly
{etched a urine tub that was to serve as 5 bed chamber for all the men

in the room and he dumped it down close to my bed. Now I had managed to
save ‘o/— which I had in my trousers pocket. and having no desire to go
out in the town I was in bed when this crowd came in drunk. I recollect
they started fighting until the Guard came up and ordered the lights out.
And then I had e night of slams. It must be remembered it was my first
experience of a barrack-room. so when I saw first one and then the other
approaching my bed dressed only in their drawers and sucks, I felt sure
they had come to rob me of my four shillings end was quite surprised

and disgusted to find they only came to use the urine tub bunged down near

my bed.