1878

In a top bedroom of a house in the Ratcliffe Highway, that part that directly
faces Cannon Street Road, I was born in the early hours of the morning of
the 11th December, 1878. All sorts of things occurred in 1878. That is
according to the School History Books. But that is all occurred to me.

"I was Born" of course like everybody else. I have to rely on other people
for my very early history. And everybody seems to have confirmed that I was
"A Crying Baby" and my Mother whom I picture in my dreams even now, for she
died when I was quite a youngster, was a beautiful woman with lovely Red
Curls. She was a tailoress, what was termed aCourtHand and she was in

great demand amongst the Master Tailors of that period on account of her
skill and her swiftness. As a result she earned a considerable sum per

week and I regret to state that was the discord between my Mother and Father.
She earned Big Money and my poor Father was a labourer working at Hearns

Soap Works, from dawn to dark (ye Gods) 92 hours a week for 26/-.

My first impression of my father was being carried to see him at his work

by a very young sister of my mother whom I eventually knew as Aunt Eliza.

He came to the Soap Works Gate in white corduroy trousers, white smock and

a brown paper cap and simply reeked of sweet scented soap. I had an idea

or impression that this very young Aunt who was carrying me in her arms was
the bearer of bad news. I do know that my Grandfather and Grandmother on
my mother's side had a Boot Shop in Cannon Street Road and their name was
McCarthy. That my mother was the eldest daughter, the remaining members
were Uncle George — Uncle Bill - Uncle Dan - and Aunt Eliza (that was my
nurse). And my impressions are that Uncle George who was a Singer and Dancer
at the night haunts of that period was taken seriously 111. As a matter of
fact I saw my father carry him pick-a-back from the Doctors. Because our
visit to the soap works was a special request that Mike Casey should be sent
for and be the last one to tend him and nurse him - and Mike Casey was my
father. About this period I have an impression of being in the Boot Shop

a lot being carried backwards and forwards from the Ratcliffe Highway.

And even to my memory comes now the clashes that occurred between my mother
and father. Because although my mother did earn Big Money she had plenty of
pals to help her spend it. The consequence was my father would come home at
night and find no supper - no welcome at all - he was neglected. When he
remonstrated he was told by my mother that she earned double his wages.