The next day we were taught various exercises end so on, day by day I had

I0 much to do with the Drill And the marching, that I began to feel fit and
strong and got used to my surroundings. I found out soon however case—
herdened or tough these individuals might me, they could soon be tamed there.
A: a matter of tact one drill sergeant was called "The Lion Tamer" And he
was too, {or no matter what record a men might have for being a Bruiser

or A Tough, he wls the one to do the trick and ccwed him down. He would
rou- "We tame lions here" and then give a word of comnd that made every

mu: spring as quick e. clockwork.

One day an I wan coming off the Parade Ground. I saw a smart cavalrym
one at the 1st Royll Dragoons and I made up my mind to enlist in the
Dragoons. So I approached "The Lion Tuner" who had a breast of mednle
end we: a typical solider and explained the position to him, that I had
been sent to the Militia as a preliminary to Joining the Regulars. I must
say he properly surprised me the interest he displayed in me. He did not
seem At all like the "Lion Tamer" who had duet been roaring at us on the
Drill Ground. instead he glve me some advice and saw that my application
to see the Doctor was given effect to. And to my delight I passed and
w-s enlisted in the 1st King's Dragoon Gunrde. But before being sent to
my regiment I wes to have a week's grace and was paid out my bounty of
30/-. With this money I came home to Bow and told my father I was now a
soldier And was noon going away. That night I went to 5m] goodbye to

my girl (Cissy Brooke) and after enquiring I11 over the place I discovered
her drinking with I fresh chap in the bar It the Roynl Theatre, Stretford.
I culled for a drink for myself And unobserved by he:- I watched her and
listened to her conversation and I heard enough to know she had me for a
mug. I was red hot with jenlousy end rage And felt like doing a murder.

1 know I later wu very thankful that I wu eober as I feel sure had I been
Intoxicated I would have done her an injury.

Just then someone drew her attention that I wee in the bar. And she came
over to me, when she saw my face she guessed something wee wrong and tried
all her alluring tricks to placate me. And when I showed her my pepere to
show I had joined the Amy she started sobbing and all her pal: came round.
and being the Stage Artiste she was, she told them I had joined the Amy
through her and as it did not suit my purpose to deny it to her surprise
and also mine these girls, some of whom I knew, they rounded on her and
told her she ought to be ashamed of herself. I learned thnt night from her
pals that Cissy'a age was 36 end I was not 18 years old. and that she had

been intimate with 1 Stage Carpenter I knew and who was a married man.