.. 22 _
1826

On a very chilly October morning I was aroused by a Bugle sounding within
the precincts of St. George's Barrscks near Trafalgar Square. London.

The previous evening I, in conjunction with others, had made arrangements
that as we were to depart for our various regiments at their vnrious depots
on the following day, we might just as well spend our time an_d our money

in the vicinity - 'in other words' sleep there. I know we were 1 motley
crowd. I know we visited pubs. And I know we took fish and potatoes back
with us for our supper. The adage 'that you have to live with a person

to know them' should be changed to 'that you have to 51—091 with persons

to know them', because in the first place our environments were not clean -
our blankets were not clean. And when having some drink in us and it being
a chilly night. we all decided to pool the blankets and make one bed of it.
The bench on which our bed was made on was simply infested with bugs. And
when in addition to this I had a fellow next to me who had been a trump and
whose very being overpowered me with the smell that emanated from it, one
can imagine how I felt and what sort of a restless night I spent. I had
not the manhood or the courage to refuse this enterprise of all sleeping
together and the result was I was 'Cooty'. I know I was horror struck and

sshsmod. And I venture to submit that any yoga fellow brought 1:2 reametahle

as I was who writes this narrative would feel ashamed too.

The bugle had sounded the Rsveills and as I had previously answered this
call in the Militia I knew what it meant. It meant Wake Up. And I had not
slept a 'blesssd' wink all the night and was only too 'jolly' glad to get up.
After I had cleaned myself under the tap and made myself as self resectiga
as it was possible to do under the circumstances, I went to the Barracks
canteen which was an excellent establishment, and in which they served
excellent food at reasonable prices. I know I ordered and paid for a

very substantial breakfast sud when I saw what they charged me I was quite
astonished. And said to myself if this is the manner Soldiers live then I
am not going to be starved. Soon After that my turn came to draw the pay
that was due to me including a Ration Allowance. And I know I felt quite
‘rich' because I had a few shillings in my pocket, obtained honestly.

Yet a short time previously I was rolling in money - obtained dishonastly -

and I know I felt lighter in my conscience.

I went off with a smart sargeant of the Foot Guards to Liverpool Street
Station. and having handed me my Railway warrant and my Attestation