-23-

Documents, he bade me Goodbye. And the train was on its way to Colchester.
That is where the 1st King's Dragoon Guards were stationed. The train having
started off and me having the whole carriage to myself. I gave myself up to
a review of my past. And I conjectured what was in store for me in the
future. ‘olhen the train steamed into Colchester Railway Station and I got
cut on the platform I was quite surprised to see awaiting me a very smart
Corporal of Dragoons. He was about 22 years of age and quite 6 foot tall.
His dress consisted of a smart forage cap (with a deep yellow band round it)
and s chin strap. He wore this esp at s rskish tilt so that it seemed to
be glued to the side of his hesd, because the chin strap was so thin as to
be practically invisible. He wore a smart shell scarlet jacket with blue
velvet flcings on collar and cuffs and gold embroidered piping and shoulder
knots. Overalls with A broad yellow stripe down the 1:3. Hellingtoon Boots
8: Spurs md a broad white pouch belt slung across his left shoulder. I had
never seen such a. glittering smart soldier before. And what was impressed
very deep, yes very deeply on me, was that this smart Dragoon Corporal

had been waiting for 'me'. I handed over to him my Railway Warrant and the
documents relating to lay Enlistment and we passed along the platform and
through the barriers of the Railway Station into the streets of Colchester.
I who had come Iron: London can recall how strange and quaint those narrow
cobbled streets appeared to me. But what my eyes, yes and my whole being,
was concentrated upon was the smart Corporal I hsd at my side. And I
wondered was it at all possible thnt I could ever be as smart as he.

The jingling of his spurs as we marched together through the streets with
me striving to show him I had learned to march in the Militia. But possibly
my Guardian Angel kept my tongue quiet because I never mentioned such a
thing 'as previous experience at sll'. And I undoubtedly saved myself
certain unpleasantness. What I did eventually ask him. and very tinidly
too. was whether he would have a drink with me. He hesitated and explained
that we was On Duty. But he came and had just one glass of beer with me.

I asked him vsrious questions relative to the regiment and barracks I was
going to. And his reply 'was philosophy itself‘. He snid "mind. your p's
and q's, and keep your tongue between your tooth and you will travel a

long . long way" .

He proceeded on our way until we came to the Barracks up s side road, I
believe the name was Butt Roud. At any tats it looked rustic and quiet
enough. The first person I observed was the Sentry on guard at the Main
Gate. He wns dressed in a glittering brass helmet with s red flowing