-21..

plume attached, I eurlet tunic with blue velvet facings, pouch belt, a
slung sabre hitchod up close to his left side by his sword-belt. White
Guutlet gloves. And he carried a Carbine in the crook of his right am.
He was marching up And down on Sentry-Go' as we passed through the gate.
But my Corpor-l did not as much as look at him as we passed. I was
expecting some kind of recognition even if it was only 'Good Afternoon'.
But this Sentry did not exist so far as my Corporal was concerned.

What he did do was to take me right across a big square with big white—
washed stones as a border. A Square I was to subsequently learn was the
Panda Ground. To a house under the Square Clock. Before ringing the
bell he looked up and brushed every speck of dust he could find of! his
person and asked me if I could see any. This gave me the impression that
the person we were both going to see must be some very important personage
connected with the 1st King's Dragoon Guards.

When the bell hsd been runs and answered by I servant girl there appeared a
very pompous person about 40 years of age. He was dressed in a gold laced
forage cap and the Regimental Frock Coat. Gold Lace Striped Overulls,

Boots and Spurs. and a gold mounted walking stick. He was very upright

end streight. and very stern. And was no less - and no more - than

Mr. Barry, tha Regimental Sargent Major of the 1st King's Dragoon Guards.

He had eyes that seemed to bore right into you and a commanding voice like a
rasp. He told my Corporal that he was first, to take me to the Reserve
Squadron and report my name and particulars to the Orderly Sergeant. second,
take me to the canteen and see that I received a sufficient quantity of brand
beef. butter and a modicum of pickles. His further orders were that this
Corporal was not to leave me until I had received my bedding and was posted to
a room, when all things being equal he could consider he had done enough.

I must say all this was given effect to for when I appeared before the
Orderly Sergeant whose name I found was Atkinson, I saw before me a tall
broed-shuuldered man that had N.C.o. all over him. He said to me

"what's your name cock“ in a typical London style. I gave him my surname
and my Christian name, all of which he entered in a book. He then asked me

what religion I was and when I explained he said "R.C.".

I was then conducted up some steps on to a balcony over the Squadron stables
and on the left hand side as I went along I observed doors with numbers on
them. These wsre the Barrack Roome. The one I was conducted to was a long
oblong whitecwashed room with about 28 bed-cots in it. There was a long iron
shelf ranged on both sides of the wall and on this shelf and directly behind
each soldier's bed-cot was the kit belonging to that particular man. And each