_ 25 _.
kit as it was folded and built up was flanked on each side by s pair of
highly polished boots and spurs. 0n the right side was the Jack Boots and
Spurs and on the left side was the Wellington Boots and Spurs. Behind each
man's cot hanging on s peg was s rolled cloak with s highly polished mess-tin
attached by a strap, and also belts that won pipe-clayed and the brssses
highly polished. The ssbres in high bumish was also hanging on this peg
and in A clip behind the cot was the man's Carbine. When I entered the room
this afternoon the cots were yulled out and the men were laying down.
They asked me what part I came from, one wanted to know if I came {ram the
"Smoke" (meaning Iondon), when I replied "yes" one young fellow explained to
me that he came from Islington. He was s chap About my own age with fair
hair and complexion and he told me that he had joined some three months
previously. He introduced himself to me as Dan Marley and I took a fancy
to him right away.

Just then the trumpeter sounded the call for stables and every mu siazed e
canvas bag containing his stable kit and ran down the steps for evening
stables parade. I was called upon to go and draw some of my kit from the
quartet-msetsr's stores. I went and was there interned thst my regimental
number was to be 4101. The man at the stores issued me with the following
kit as an instslment: Field service cap and badge, red frock serge with blue
cloth facings on cuffs and collar also brass numerals I.D.G., blue serge
trousers, which they tamed slacks. a full set of underclothing comprising

3 thick grey shirts, 2 pairs drawers. 3 pairs thick grey socks, 2 towels,
razor. lather brush. tooth brush. hair brush and comb, and a pair of ankle
boots. Also a cavalry cloak noss-tin and strep. 3 biscuit mattresses. 3 blankets,

2 sheets, pillow cases.

When this bundle was Actually flung at me, my next stnge was to have A bath
And with n bar of soap I gave myself A good scouring although the water was
cold, the bathroom was draughty and it was October. I dressed myself and
felt ashamed and very much upset when the soldier told to supervise :11 these
arrangements gathered all my discarded civilian garments togehter and set fire
to them with I can of paraffin and a match. I went beck to the barka room
and my new-{ound chum instructed me in the art of polishing my buttons. the
asking down of my bed and how I was to wear the uniform. The room-orderly
then came in with two poliehed pails of steaming hot tee md we n11 est

down on scrubbed white forms at long tables placed on treaties. And I waded
into the sea]. I had obtained previously. The tea which was excellent and
strong was served in white full sized besins and each man received an equal

share. I took stock of my rather noisy companions in this room having tea.

And I observed there was I full corporal present who was responsible for the