-26-

behaviour and cleanliness of the 28 inmates.

After ten, the room orderly went to the cook-house and returned with hot water,
when the utensils were washed and the tables and forms secured and everything
was epic and span again. Fach man then started to clean all his accoutriments
and kit in readiness for the next day, the Corporal keeping a watchful eye

to see that this task was comyleted satisfactorily before any man went out.

I then noticed that some of the fellows were getting ready to go out in the
town and very smart they looked in their uniform. But I was informed it would
be three months before I should ever be allowed outside the barracks, as I
should have to have my name taken off the Gate first. This meant I was to

be thoroughly drilled and should know how to walk and hold my head up in

the military fashion .

My new chum Dan Morley who had finished cleaning and polishing asked me if

I had any money. As I had about 6/— he offered to show me the Canteen.

So we both went along the balcony and down the steps to the Regimental
Canteen which was nearby. This had a frontage similar to a grocer'a shop.

It was a grocer's, tobacconist‘s and Public House all combined. On entering
the door I observed on the right hand side a room that was inscribed
"Corporale' Hess" and was informed by my chum that it was for the use of

all the Corporals of the Regiment. As owing to the necessity of 'discipline'
Corporals were not allowed to mix and drink with the Privates. He explained
that there was an Officers' Mesa and showed me it and spoke of the Swell Officers
by name, there being the right honourable this and Captain that, Major
Something Else and imbued me with the Aristocretic qualities of the Officers
of the 1st King's Dragoon Guards. He told me in what direction the Sergeants'
Mess lay. And having approached the bar of the canteen. at his suggestion

I bought half a gallon of good beer for 6d. some cigarettes and tobacco.

And he led the way to the back where there was a long large sized hall with
tables and {011115 on each side, at which was seated a large number of Dragoons
in red {rock eerses and blue trousers. in the same sort of dress I had just
put on. The room we: full of tobacco smoke and on the tables were i gallon
beer cans similar to what I had just ordered. Taking a seat with my chum I
was introduced to some other chaps or about my own age sitting drinking at
the table. And then I noticed at the far end of the hall a raised stage
with procenium and scenery complete. At the side of this stage was a piano.
And my new friends explained to me that the proprietor of the canteen was
and ex-soldier and that he engaged two Artistes for the week to sing a couple
of songs each evening and that he changed these Artistes each week.