-27-

The chair belaw the stage was taken by a soldier who opened the proceedings
by shouting that Mr. Somebody, Comedian. would now oblige end what I should
term I Club Turn came on and gave 1 song, dressed and greaee—painted like
one sees at the Music Halls. then in the intervals some of the soldiers
obliged until it was the turn 01 the Artiste to zone on egsin. My chums
asked me could I give a song and soon I found myself giving some song or
the other with e chorus which was well received and made me much esteemed by

my new circle of chums.

The canteen closed at 9.30 p.11. and we had to hurry to our barrack rooms to
answer our names. This was done by each man standing at attention At the
side of his cot when the Squadron Orderly Sergeant came round. and was called
Roll—Csll. then we got into our beds and at 10.15 Lights Out wss sounded by
the trumpeter o!“ the Guard. when all lights were extinguished end we went

to sleep. And I had a much pleaeenter night's rest than I did when I was

in the Militia at Woolwich.

Next morning I was amused by the Trumpet Call at 6 a.m., when each man pushed
his cot in and made up his bed folding the blankets neatly in a uniform fashion
so that each bed was made to look smart, this had to be done quickly as at
6.15 the trumpet sounded for stables when having paraded and anewered to our
names we all went into the stables. I was sent to No. 2 Troop. This was a
long stable with etslls along the right side. the horses were partitioned

by what were termed bells. that is a swinging iron pole. On the posts were
saddle tasks on which were the saddles Ind Bits and Bridoons belonging to the
horse in the stall. These saddles and accessories were in a perfect state

of bumish and polish so that the steelwork shone like silver. Our first job
was to pick up the horses‘ bedding in our arms and take it outside to a porch
and shake it out loose and tidy so that it would dry and Air, then pick up
the dung and cert it awn]. Sweep clean all the stalls and stable and lead
the horses out to the water troughs. when I was issued out with s new grooming
brush and comb and warned to take care of it. I was then instructed on how to
groom a horse and told to put some "elbow grease" into the job. While we
were grooming an Officer dressed in a Uniform long track coat and cap and
spurs came through the stables and instantly the troop sergeant roared out

the word of command - "Shun", when we all sprang to our horses' heads and
stood to attention. The Officer having acknowledged the salute by touching
his cap cried out "carry on with your work" when we resumed grooming. He came
into the stalls and with a white glove rubbed the horse's coat the wrong way
up to see if it was dirty, and it went ill with the man concerned if the

horse was not thoroughly clean. '1‘ch men were told off to get the "feeds"