-28-

ready and behind each horse was placed a white pipe—clayed nose-bag
containing oats. These begs had to be placed in an orderly straight

line. Just then the trumpet rang out to feed the horses. And the Officer
in charge shouted "Feed", when each man seized a noee-bag and emptied it into
the manger in the horses stall, and so at a specified time to the very second
all the horses were fed. The Officer then walked along to see that each horse
was eating when the empty bags being collected and stable kits gathered up,
we were ordered to fall in Outside the stable. The command came from the
sergeant "Number 2 troop'Shunl" we sprang to attention, when the officer
walked along the ranks telling one man or the other to get his hair cut
shorter. He then cried "Dismiss" and this we did by doing a smart Right
Turn at the same tine bringing our right hands up to the Salute, when we
scampered off to our barrack rooms like a lot of children released from
school. because during the time we had been working in the stable we

were what is termed 0n Parade.

The breakfast having been fetched from the Cook-House by the daily

appointed Orderly Man who was responsible for the cleanliness of the

utensils and was excused from attending the stables, we each sat down to
enjoy it. Each portion was made out equally for 25 men, the Room Corporal
seeing to the fair distribution of the food. While this meal was in progress
the Squadron Orderly Sargesnt entered the room and issued orders as to the
Parades that each man was required for. I was told I was booked for a three
months course of Gymnasiums. That I was to interview the Colonel that
morning, that I was for foot drill in the afternoon and Riding School the
next morning. All these orders were not spoken to me but literally barked
at me. I know that it made me uneasy. I was marched over to the Orderly
Room by this Sergeant at the appointed time and saw Officers going in and out
with their swords clanking at their sides. I also saw the Prisoners in
charge of their amed escort waiting their turn to appear before the
Commanding Officer of the 1st Dragoon Guards and I wondered what crime they
had committed and it dawned on me that I was enlisted for 12 years. 7 years
with the Colours and 5 years Reserve and that this was only my second day.

The Officer I stood in front of when I was taken into the Orderly Room was
sitting at a table on which were a number of Papers and Parchments and
standing at the side of the room were the Adjutant and other Officers. one
of whom were a monocle screwed tightly in his left eye. There was also the
Regimental Sergeant Major whose acquaintance I had ads the previous day.