. 29 _
I had been advised by my new chums that morning that the Colonel Always
interviewed any new recruit. So I was fully prepared to answer questions.
This Colonel had seen service in India. also had. been in the Egyptian Uer
end was a very bronzed complexion little man with a h-wk-like nose. He
eyed me up And down and then said "Well young fellow whet made you join
the Amy". I had been told that he disliked anyone thnt said he joined
the Amy because of being Out 0! Work. So seeing the type of individuel.
I was in front of I replied by telling him that I had looked around me
and seeing the smart and well-cared for appearance 01 soldiers it was A
profession that my chap such as myself could be proud to belong to.
I could not have given I better answer had I been rehearsed weeks. He
said "Young fellow thnt's a very good answer and you have come to a regiment
to be proud of. And always have before you The Pride in your regiment.
Be clean. Be Smart. Be obedient to your superiors end you will get on
well. If you don‘t we have I way of punishing people that they do not
soon forget. Dismiss". The Sergeant roared in my eu‘ "Salute“, which
I did fairly smart. "Right turn, quick march" and I found myself outside.
Then I heard another shout "Prisoners md Escort 'Shun. Shoulder Arms.
Right Turn. Quick March" and I saw the prisoners being marched into the
room thlt I had just come out of.

I next wla paraded to go for Gymnasiums and marched across to the school
reserved for this purpose. In it were horizontal bars. a vaulting horse,
dumb bells, boxing gloves, a rope suspended from the ceiling and other
accessories. Enough to upset my tranquility who had never been in a
Gymnnsium in my Iifa. The 21.6.0. in charge us my Room Corponl who was
the Regimental Instructor and who I had been told wee Hot Stuff. There

wen a 61335 of about 15 young fellow recruits like myself present. We

had to take our boots off and put on shoes, take our coats off. let our
braces down end roll up our ehirtsleevea. For one solid hour I got the most
gruelling time I had ever had. And I thought I would never be able to go
through with it. Having formed us up in a line with our hands behind our
bucks, something of this kind occurred, all done at lightning speed -
"Clue - 'shun. I want it done quicker than that. Class - 'shun. That's
better. Right turn. quick march — left right left right - hold your held up
that man - left right left right — Class halt. Double am being and
stretching — on the hands 'down' on the feet 'up'. I want it done quicker
than that. On the hands 'down' . Double am bending and stretching judging
the time - down - up - that man over there I will warn you up in a minute -

down - that ""‘”‘"“ old woman - stick your belly in. Class, on the