-3-

It was on some such night as this when there had been a row that my
mother snatched me up in her arms and I recall it was raining heavily,
the streets were dimly lit and I saw a poor woman lying on the pavement
murdered. Her poor skull was cleft in half by a chopper or something.
I recall the Police with their "Bulls Eyes“ (lanterns). And what with
the row I had witnessed between my mother and father and the gruesome
thing I had seen on the pavement I recall that I was very terror
stricken and as a matter of fact I could not sleep for nights.

My next vague imprassion is of my Grandfather being robbed. The poor
man had lost by death my Uncle George and my Uncle Ihn. Both within
a fortnight and he had to pay what was an innovation in those days -
a gas bill. My poor Grandmother was another Easy Going Old Soul.
She had no conception of business so long as the house-keeping came
in regular she never did worry. everything was alright. It appears
that on this particular evening both my Grandfather and Grandmother
were out together. the shop and house was left unattended and
burglars broke in and cleared every mortal thing then: was portable.
My poor Grandfather was not insured against burglary. And to

crown it all my Grandmother had embezzled the Gas Company's money.

So my poor Grandfather was hit both ways. I recall that he went searching
for the boots that were hurgled from his shop. And being a "Wild Irishman" -
he cue from Bandon near the City of Cork - he went searching this ways.

He went down Petticoat Lune, Aldgate one Sunday morning. And there on a
stall he observed the boots that he had made with his own two hands.

The boots he had expended hours of labour on. (I might mention they wore
Wellington Boots in those days). A boot that camhal! way up the leg.
That they were all made by hand. no machine was used in any part of their
manufacture and I maintain that was a work of art. And when as I state
my poor old Grandfather saw these boots put up for Auction by a Gang of
Dirty Crooks he went stark staring mad. And instead of going for the
Police he gave one lenp end was in a moment in what is called "A Mix Up".
He did not stand an earthly chance with the Crooks, who beat him cruelly.
And to his indignation and dismay he was taken to 13mm Street Police
Station as the Principal Culprit. And the Crooks went free.