_ 30 _
feet - up - break in to double time - left right left right. Break in
quick time - Class halt. Stand still “'""‘ you - on the bar - up.

To the breast - pull", when we would pull ourselves up by our aching arms.
One of this Corporsl's tricks was to be showing one man how to pull himself
up and leave the others hanging when many had to leave 30. And then he
would curse. I came out of that school feeling as if I had been put
through a mangle.

Then in the afternoon I was in the Awkward Squad. All the others carried
some weapons or the other. But the Awkward Squad were to be taught how to
walk. The curses we got. We done it by numbers, we done it in drill time,
we done it properly. But however we done it the Instructor was convinced -
at least he said so - that never in the whole of his soldiering had be seen
such a "““" lot of tools like us. And I was glad when we were dismissed.

Then I had to go to the stores and drew the remainder of my kit and
accoutriments. Then stables. I was properly miserable by tea—tiue.

And I cannot say that I was cheered up by one of the senior soldiers telling
me that what I had been through was nothing compared to what I should go
through when I went to Riding School.

As soon as Reveille sounded the next morning I led a horse out of the stable
with a bridoon in its mouth and a numnsh strapped on its back (this was a
square piece of felt) up to the Riding School. The morning was dnrk because
it was wintertime so the school was lit up by a gas-chandelier in the
ceiling. The floor was of tan so in case of a (all no limbs would be
injured. As soon as my ride consisting of about 20 horses and recruits

got inside the doors were shut and fastened. I know that I was extremely
nervous because I had never been on a horse's back in my life. We got

the command to mount and were supposed to vault on to the horse's back by
giving a spring straightening the arms, and then throwing the right leg over.
But I had some difficulty in doing this and the Instructor wanted to know if
I wanted a "leg up". I thought this extremely kind of him and said "Yes,
please" until I found he had flung me right over the horse and I tell with my
face in the tan and that everybody was grinning at me. After that I never
asked no more for assistance. (In describing this later to an old soldier he
advised me never to look for help or sympathy from anyone in the Amy as I
would never get it). We next proceeded at A walking pace around the school.
the Instructor telling us with many adjectives how we were to sit and how

we were to grip with our knees to the sides of the horse. Then we were

ordered to trot and that is where the fun did start, although I did not see