-31-

anything funny about it at the time being fully occupied in trying to keep
on the horse's back. At last like everything out nieery came to an end
until the next day. He led our horses back to their stables and the routine
of the previous deg was gone through again. About the 1m. day at Riding
School the Riding Master came in. He said "Hello, what have we got here"
and watched our positions as we trotted round the school. A11 0! A sudden
he shouted "drop your reins and fold your arms". And then he broughtout a
big long whip and the horses seemed to know that whip for they went

plunging and rearing all around the school. Some recruits fell off. I know
that I did and that I had to clamber somehow on to the horse's back again

with it rearing all over the place.

A week or so later I was sent to another 'ride' end was allowed to take a
uddle. I imagined this would be easier and so it was for a couple of
mornings, until the Riding Master came in and said "bring in the jumps".
The Instructors then brought in some hurdles which they titted together
and having put some tune on the top bar and wings at the side the Riding
Master said " first man, walk march, over the jumps". Then came a crack
of the whip and with a plunge and a rear the horse flew over the jumps.

It eventually came to my turn and with ly heart in my mouth as it were
gripping as hard as I could with my knees I went over the jumps and more
by luck than anything else did not fall off. I thought that this would have
suited the Riding Master and that he would go away and leave us to our own
Instructor, but he did not. For to my dismay he shouted "cross your
stirrups and fold your arms and now one at a time over those jumps". How

I managed to keep on that horse‘s back I don't know. But I did.

Time went on and I was transferred to B.Squadron which was a Service Squadron.
I had my clothes fitted by the Master Tailor for the Commanding Officer was
particular that each man's uniform must fit him properly. I know mine took
several alterations before it would suit the Colonel, who we went in front of,
in the fitting of these uniforms. I had become fairly proficient in Sword
Drill, in Lance Drill and in the use of the Carbine. and about 3 months
having elapsed since I first had entered the Barracks Gate I asked my Drill
Instructor at Drill when we were standing at ease if he would take me before
the Adjutant who was on the Drill Ground. for me to ask permission to have

my name taken off the Gate so that I could go out into Colchester. He marched
me up and having saluted, I made my request. After testing me to see how I
walked and how I would salute an Officer if I met one in the street, he gave
pemission and went to the Guardroom at the Main Gate himself and initiated

the fact that 14101 Pte. Casey was to be permitted to go out until 9.30 pun.