-32-

unless he possessed a pass to stay out until 12 p.111. This was the first
stage of liberty since I had joined the regiment that had come my way, and
I felt thankful. I had stayed in my room amusing myself cleaning my gear
up till then, and when the room Corporal had come in sometimes half tipsy
from the Corporals' Mess he had said "Cesey. go over to the Gymnasium and
fetch the gloves ". He was one of the Heavy Weight Boxers of the Regiment.
When I had brought them he would say “put them on" and then I would be a
chopping block {or him. And then in the pauses or when we had taken them
of! he would explain that this was the Guard and that was the Leading H-nd
until I had a slight knowledge of boxing.

When Psy-Day came round, proud in the knowledge that I was allowed out I
put in a pass for permission to stay out until 12 midnight. And having
smutened myself up I put on my walking out Dress for the first time.

Now in Colchester st that time there was stationed en Infantry Regiment
called the Kings Liverpool Regiment and for some reason or other they took
exception that there should be two regiments with the title of "King's“.

for we were the 1st King's Dragoon Guards. And this Infantry Regiment
comprising some Liverpool-Irishmen who were a dissolute drunken crowd had
wsylaid and badly beaten up some of our fellowswhen they had gone out singly.
I had been to our (hurdroom and shown my pass. The Sergeant of the Guard
had looked me over to see that I was correctly lttired and I passed out into
Colchester. Not having any knowledge of the town I walked along until I
came to a public house from which the sounds of dance music could be heard.
Curious to see what the place was like I went in and called for I glass of
beer. The room was filled with Infantry Soldiers and there were a few women
who I imagined were not up to much. I hand not been there many minutes when
two or three of these infantry men came and asked me what I wanted there.
They said "clear off back to barracks, there's only room for one King's
Regiment in this town and that: Us". And in a moment they set about me.

I put up as good a fight as I could end retreated into the street. when I
saw two other fellows of my regiment who were strangers to me, in a fight
with the odds egsinst them. My nose was bleeding and my eye was cut and

at the finish I ran with these fellows at my heels, the other two fellows
doing likewise and it was a breathless and beaten trio that passed an
astonished Guard at our own Main Gate. I had not been out half an hour and
yet I had e pass until 12 p.111, also it was my first time out in the tawn.
The three of us went streight to our own canteen just as we was where we
soon had a crowd round us demanding to know what had happened. When we
explained the curses that were uttered against this Liverpool crowd were
very fierce. One, a big brawny Irishman said "are we going to stand for