-33-

this?". And the yell went up "No". They went and got the iron legs of bed
cots which they concealed down their trouser legs and one by one climbed
over the Barrack wall. The plan arranged was that as many as possible
should be smuggled into the Bar Parlour by one fellow who was friendly
with the landlord. the other batch were to wait nearby but out of sight.
Three fellows were to walk in to the room I had been interfered with in.
one of whom carried e whistle and As soon as he whistled all the lot was
to make a rush. I washed myself and again went out of the Main Gate as

I wanted to get a bit of my own back. The three fellows went in as
arranged and looking through a window I saw that the room was fairly
crowded with these Liverpool chaps. I saw a batch of them go over end
interfere with the three fellows we had sent in as decoys. And then the
whistle went and in we went. I don't think a more surprised lot than
they were I had seen before. The fight if such it could be called was "Hot".
I know in slashing out at one of the chaps who had assaulted me he got a
grip on my throat and I was nearly all in, when our big Irishman whose
name was "Masker" Tidd grabbed him off and as easy as shelling pess banged
the fellow's head against the wall. And then the lights went out. The
Military Police and Civil Police arrived and. 26 of us were arrested and
marched off to the Guard Room. But we were as light-hearted and happy as
if we were going off on a picnic. Even the Guard who were put in charge
of us could not conceal their satisfaction at the thrashing we had given

to the dirty. liberty-taking crowd.

Next morning we had to appear before the Colonel and I don't think in the
whole course of his soldiering as an Officer he had ever been called on
to deal with such a big batch of "prisoners" before. The result was a
foregone conclusion. He very near cried when he spoke of the honour of
the regiment being involved. but he condemned our opponents worse and
finished up by confining the whole lot of us to barracks for a week.

I was at this stage getting on fairly well and becoming accustomed to

Amy life, having also made some friends in B. Squadron all of whom were
smart and clean and what is termed good soldiers. And I had progressed to
the stage of being a first class recruit. That is to say if I passed I

could consider myself a fully qualified soldier. There was not an idle moment
for me. It was cleaning, burnishing and polishing 5.11 of the time. It was
in fact the time that is A landmark in e soldier's life when he is about to
pass from e recruit to a soldier. I had not heard from home and had no

opportunity to visit home, when an incident occured that marked me out for