-32.-

trouble. One evening at evening stables we had let our horses cut to

the watering troughs when some of the troops noticed two derelict looking
individuals coming towards us. "Hello". said one wag. "have these come up
to join'l’". This remark caused a laugh because the oncoming individuals
were diminutive in size and were sadly lacking in any qualities for
acceptance by any Recruiting Sergeant. Judge of my astonishment and
confusion when they walked straight up to me and said "Hello. Dan".

They were two of my stepbrothers in the last stage of collapse. It
eventually transpired that having no work they had conceived the idea of
walking to Colchester from Bow to see me. I had to give some explanation
to my soldier chums and in less than no time all the generous hospitality
that was possible was being given to these relatives (by marriage of my
father). You can imagine how keenly I felt. The disgrace in two such
"brothers" visiting me in such condition and more especially when it has
to be recalled that I was in a "crack" regiment. where everyone prided
himself on his own personal cleanliness and emartneee. At any rate, they
were both given a bath. the barrack room found them a bed for the night
by soldiers who were going On Guard lending their beds. They were well
provided with food but the last straw that humiliated me the most was when
my room mates went round with a subscription sheet to pay their fare back
to London. I was handed a very substantial sum of money that was more than

sufficient to pay their fares.

0n the following dew they were both interested observers of me at my
different drills. They told me afterwards that they were properly
thrilled to see me on horseback dressed in brass helmet and all the
accoutriments of a Dragoon. going over jumps and ditches at a flying
gallop. But my mind was hingeing on the thought of all the chipping

and the rise-taking I would have to endure as a result of their visit.
And I felt as if after all I had been through, after all I had endured
in curses and insults, for I had strictly taken the advice of the Corporal
who had met me at Colchester Railway Station - Tc mind zour P's and 3's
and keep your tongue between your teeth and you will 50 a long ﬂ — that
I could never hold my head up in the Regiment again. So after I had told
these two "brothers" in the Amy "vernacular" what I thought of them I
went with them to the railway station and took M tickets to London.