-35..
“101. Pte. D. Casey —DESERTER

Only those who know the nature of an Oath. who have taken the Bible in
their right hand and have sworn to serve Her Majesty the Queen and my
country and Her Majesty's Government etc. So H919 Me God, at the same
time kissing the Holy Book, know what the term Deserter means. And what
punishment is meted out to one who deserts. as it is considered the worst

crime in the Army calendar.

Yet I had determined to take this step. So when we arrived at Bow, having
previously told my two brothers to say nothing when my father, who was
pleased to see me and proud of my smart appearance, asked me questions

I told him that I day 3 days leave of absence. The poor man believed the
lie I told him. The plan I had arranged was for my two “brothers" to
obtain for me some civilian clothes as soon as possible. But owing to

not having sufficient money to purchase anything suiteble and the two of
them not realising the urgency of the matter, the three days went by
without any clothes being forthcoming, and I had to make a pretence of
going back. Naturally my father would insist on coming to see me off

at the station, and I know we were in a quandary as to how we could

deceive him, for now it was assumed that I could not go back. We managed
to meet one or two who knew my two stepbrothers and who were let into the
secret of my intentions to desert, and entering with all their heart in the
enterprise. By stopping to have drinks and talking we entered Stratford
railway station too late to go to Colchester. That night I obtained some
clothes which were very ill—fitting, the trousers being too short and the
jacket being too tight. My uniform I made up into a neat bundle and gave to
my stepmother to put on top of a cupboard. And then I went into hiding. I
was dodging backwards and forwards from my sleeping place to my father's
place for my meals, and one night he came home unexpectedly and nearly
caught me. For he was under the impression I had gone back the day following
our visit to the station. I know I had to conceal myself in the next room
and I heard him fumbling about for something from the cupboard. Then I
heard him ask had I gone back, and my stepmother reply "yes“. He then said
"What are his clothes doing on top of this cupboard". And I knew then it
was all up, more so when I heard him say he would give me up to the Police.

That night was my last in hiding.