-36-

The next day I applied at Dalston Barracks to join the 10th Husssrs.

I decided to adopt my Grandmother's name, McCarthy. I went through all

the preliminaries and passed the doctor. and was awaiting my turn to take
the Oath of Allegiance when some fellow said to me "Aint your name McCarthy?"
I replied "yea". He said "they have been calling for you all over the place".
And then I realised that I had forgotten my new name. that I had heard shouts
for McCarthy without waking up to the fact that they meant me. I hurried up
and found they were wanting me with others to be sworn in. Just as I was
standing up I was called outside by a Recruiting Sargesnt Major who took me
along to his private room and when we were both inside he took a key from his
trouser pocket and locked the door. "Now young fellow my lad" he said "out
with it. ‘vle believe you to be fraudulently enlisting. We believe you to
have been in some regiment quite recently. Your face is sunbumt and the
marks of the chin strap show, and you carry yourself like a cavalrymsn".

I evaded as best I could all these assertions. He said "who are these two
fellows who are waiting for you". I told him they were my step brothers.
And I instantly realised my mistake for going to the door he hollered to two
soldiers to go and bring them in. When they were brought in looking very
uneasy he said. pointing st me "is this your brother?". 01’ course they said
"yes". He next said "do you know he has been a soldier'I“, and I suppose
thinking that I had told him they said "yes". He then frightened them both
by telling them of the penalty they incurred for assisting s deserter.

He said in a loud bullying tone of voice "do you know where his uniform is?"
and they said "yes. at home". He said "bring that uniform to St. George's
Barracks tonight without fail. or the Lord help you“. Turning to the two
soldiers he said "kick them out into the road". And they did. Standing up
he told me to stand up, then said "hold out your hands", when he took down

a pair of handcuffs and clapped them on my wrists. A short time afterwards
a four wheeled horse cab drove up. I was bundled in and with the Sargeant
Major as escort we went to St. George's Barracks where I was put in the

Guard Room, to await an armed escort from my regiment.

The guard at St. George's Barracks wss furnished from s detachment of Grenadier
Guards. and I recall how interested I was in watching the faultless manner

of the Sentries as they marched backwards and forwards before the barred window
of the room in which I was an inmate. In the evening, my uniform done up in

a parcel was brought to the Sergeant of the Guard by one of my step brothers.

I wrote a message on a piece of old paper and slipped it to a Sentry to give

to my brother, which he did do, but owing to the clumsy manner my brother took