_ 37 _

the message. the Sentry was observed and for doing me this kindness he got
into trouble. That evening I was visited by the Officer of the Guard and
also the Regimental Sergeant Major who seemed interested in me and asked me
questions. Finally he asked me would I not prefer to wear my uniform instead
of the nondescript civilian garb I had on. Of course I gladly agreed. and
he handed me my uniform himself and stayed while I dressed. When I stood up
complete he eyed me up and down and said "Well new young fellow you look a
Soldier".

The next morning my Escort arrived, a R111 Corporal end a Private. They were
in Tunic and Belts and armed with Sabres. "Whatcher Casey," said the
Corporal "we've come to fetch you". I knew them both in the regiment as
decent fellows, and also that they were only doing their duty. When it

came to the time for me to travel the Corporal said "hold your hands out,
Casey", and produced a pair of handcuffs he was carrying. But the Guards
Sergeant Major who had returned no my uniform objected. He said "Corporal,
have you got a conveyance in which to take the Prisoner?". "No Sir", said
the Corporal. "Then". said the Regimental Sergeant Major, "Queen's Rules
and Regulations new state that no military prisoner must be taken through

the street handcuffed ". “Besides", he said, 'look at him, he looks smart
and he is eager to go back to his regiment". "Alright Sir" said the Corporal
who was a bit of a boxer and who would be held responsible for my custody until
I was safely back in the Guard Room at Colchester. Turning to me with a
humourous grin on his face he said "Casey. if you try to run away I will give
you such a hiding". I said "that's all right Corporal", and under my breath

I whispered that I could go a drink. We marched out giving the salute Eyes
Right to the Sentry at the gate, who replied by standing stiffly to attention
with his rifle at the slope.

When we had got outside St. George's Barracks I again repeated my desire that

I could do with a drink. I was also aware of the fact that we were creating

a certain amount of interest amongst the pessers-by, because I had no cap on

my head and was walking between a Corporal on my right side and a Private on

my left side and that these two carried cavalry sabres which every now and
again they allowed to Clank on the pavement. So what with the clanking of these
swords in their scabbards and the clanking of spurs it was perfectly obvious

to the most simple minded person that I was a Prisoner Under Escort.