-38-

We reached the Strand, and my escort escorted me into a Public House, of
course it had to be a Sedoon Bar. They had been allowed travelling expenses.
and I know that however much they spent In whats, that after I had done
whatever punishment was in store for me I should have to work and pay it.
Our entrance in this pub caused quite a flutter amongst the bsmaida and

the customers. This suited me admirably because although I had expressed s
desire for a drink, I was simply overpowered with the invitations I received
to have s drink. I recall I thought that being a prisoner was not "too bad"
if it included the sympathy. and the sort of sympathy I was receiving.

At last we left the pub in the Strand and I had cigarettes and cigars
sandwiched in between the buttons on my Jacket. The Corporal engged A cab
and we were driven to Liverpool Street Station. Waiting for the train to
Colchester the time was spent in the Buffet where we had some more beer and

I was a somewhat “tipsy" prisoner when we got in the train.

On our arriving at Colshester we all pulled ourselves together, and assuming

a stern and business-like luck my escort eventually handetl me over to the
Sergeant of the Guard, when I was placed in the gustd-room and given my
blankets. It was a well satisfied prisoner that went to sleep that night.

Next morning I had to prepare myself to go before the 0.0. I was marched

in. There were a number of charges that I had to answer to. Desertion.

Being Found in Civilian Clothes and Frsdulent Re-recmitment. The proceedings
were brief and I was put back for a District Court Martial. And here my luck
was in my favour again. I had always been a hard-worker. I had always been
willing and obliging and I had always been respectful to my superiors. I had
never been sullen or saucy. I had never gave any trouble to those placed over
me. And these points all told in my favour when I was a prisoner with serious
charges hanging over my head. The Guard as they came on every 21+ hours were
considerate and kind and they"wired me" that influences were at work to save
me from a Court Martial. I was approached And advised to say that I was sorry
and that if they would give me a chance I would "soldier on". We or three
days had elapsed when I was hurriedly prepared to see the (1.0. again. And

I recall that the feverish eagerness of my Guard to see that I looked
presentable and smart to interview the Colonel would have led anyone to believe
that it was them that had deserted and not me. When I had been marched in with
a clatter of arms and words of command, the (2.0. asked me for an explanation
of my conduct. I replied to him. at the sauna time standing stiffly to attention
and looking him straight in the eyes, that I was ashamed of the visit of my
step-brothers and I told him all about the subscription my comrades had made