._ 39 ..
up for me to pay their {are back to London, and all about their kindness in
making them welcome, and then I said that I knew that I was in a Crack Regiment
of Dragoons. My replies made a deep impression on the Officers present with
the 0.0. My escort received orders to march me outside the room while they
discussed my case. I remember my escort saying to me "Casey boy you are
going to get off". We were called back and the 6.0. said to me "Private Casey
I have considered every aspect of your case. I want to tell you that everyone
who have been your Instructors, every one of the Officers over ycu, state you
are a hard working and a willing man and this has all gone in your favour.
I have made application to the 6.0.0. who has given me permission to punish
you. Will you take my punishment". Standing stiffly to attention and striving
to hold back my emotion I replied "Yes Sir". He said "Very Hell. I sentence
you to be imprisoned to 168 hours with Hard Labour. March the Prisoner away".
I was glad. I was pleased, as I fully expected and was entitled to a much
severer sentence. Then my luck was in my favour again. It was decided that
I should do the seven days in my own guard room. Everyone was kind to me,
my hard labour consisted in white—washing a barrack room and quite surreptitiously
I was given cigarettes and I never suffered from lack of food. The only
humiliation I suffered was from the Barber who cut off my curls from the front
of my head and I made him finish the job properly by shaving the whole of my
head.

After finishing my punishment I returned to my squadron to find that for

months I should be in debt all caused by my assertion. Hy kit had been raided
and stolen as soon as it was known at I had "gone over the wall". And besides
that I was expected to pay all the expenses incurred by my escort bringing me
back from London. So it was a "silent" soldier who for weeks and months went
through all the daily routine of a cavalry man. I was approached more than
once by kind offers from different fellows - that I would go in the canteen with
them - that I would go out with them - that I should take money from them.

And to all of them I refused but what I did do was after I had done all my own
work and duties, I lent myself out on hire to clean Boots, Saddles,or to
deputise as a Night Guard.for which I was paid at the rate of 6d a pair Jack
Boots and Spurs, 6d tor cleaning and bumishing a saddle and all its appointments.
‘l/Gd for doing a Night Guard which meant a night out of bed. The reason I
worked and slaved on these tasks was because I received One Shilling a week

pay. The rest of my army pay was confiscated to pay for loss of kit. etc.

Now In B. Squadron I had some friends, more than friends - Pals. And they
went fishing about to discover who had stolen my kit, which included everything
I had been issued with on joining the Regiment, from Forage Cap to Footwear.

There was nothing uncommon in me losing my kit because it was the practlce