_L._

My next impressions are that my mother was ill and then that she was
seriously ill. I recall the afternoon when I. a little boy. was called

in to say "Good Bye" to my mother. The sun shining on her red curls.

Her face as white as marble. Her request that I should be lifted up

to kiss her. I wae the most bewildered individual present. Then I

wee to be dressed up in ‘g_l_ec_k. I recall that I wore a wide brimed

black hat. a black knicker backer suit and also black gloves. I also
recall that eome very tall men came to our house in Deep Mourning

with streamers of ailk to their very tall 311}: hate. But I confess that

I recall a certain amount of pride when the prancing black horses came

to our door with their nodding plumee with the mutes at the hack of the
carriages with their silver staves. All the neighbours rushing up to see
my poor mother being carried down the stairs into the hearse. I observed
that we had a "lot of relations that day". But my poor father wee not
dreeeed ea grand ae any one c! then. that he seemed to be half and half -
one part of him was Soap Works. The other part was Death or the insignia
of Death. I recall that I felt a certain amount of impartance when it came
to my turn to get into the coach, because all the little boys I had played
with in the streets whispered "there's Dan" and I stuck myself up as if

it was a ceremony that they could not attend anyway. After the procession
had proceeded at a very slow pace through two or three streets where people
stood bareheaded at their doors and shopkeepers and houses all had their
blinds down. the mutes who had seemed very downcast suddenly woke up. And
not only woke up but jumped up. And to my greet delight the horses woke
up too. And away we went at a pace and everybody seemed to liven up.

I know I had been standing at the window of the coach when we started but
because I had waved my hand to a little boy I knew one of my Aunts - I dont
recall which one it was — pulled me into a seat between herself and another
Aunt and when I relate that ladies wore bustles in those days, that their skirts
were like ballone. and all the accessories they carried, when as I say the
horses started off merrily, I wee nearly smothered between my Aunts.

I recall that they cheered up immensely when we had left our neighbourhood.
And to hear their conversation with reference to my poor mother. One
would inter that as far as they were concerned they were never going to
die. But that they were imnortal. At last we reached Leytonstone
Cemetery and then everybody put on a Solemn Look Again. I saw my mother's
coffin carried by four very tall men into the Chapel and placed on two
treetlee that stood there. And then I observed that other Funeral

"Parties" had come up. And some more trestlos were occupied. The Priest