-40-

then and for all I know to the contrary may be the practice now, that as soon
as a soldier deserted his room—mates would raid his belongings and destroy any
numbers by cutting them out, and then claim they had bought at A

for deserters uniforms were put up for Auction in those days. As part of his
punishment consisted in working and paying for a new uniform, these "pals"

of mine as I have previously stated went fishing about on my behalf. Also
they discussed who had taken my belongings, and by means of threats and

the Law of the Big Fist to my great surprise and delight I had it all returned
to me even to a brass—button stick. This return of my kit altered matters

as far as I was concerned considerably. It reached to the ears of my Squadron
Commander, Captain Eastwood. So when it came to the weekly pay—dw, at which
I had been in the habit of marching up, saluting, and receiving one shilling,
this Captain said to me "Casey, I understand you have a Full Kit and all your
own". I replied "Yes, Sir. It has been inspected and found Complete and
Clean". He said "that being the case then I have to refund you some money.
How much do you want to go on with? Will 52.0.0. do?". To say that I was
surprised is to put a very small conception on how I felt. It done more to
restore me to my normal attitude especially when the 52.0.0. was given with a
friendly smile. And I saw the Sergeant Major also give me a kindly glance.

I smartened myself up and went out in the town and enjoyed myself. I also
passed all my recruit drills and examinations. and became a full developed

cavalry man .

Then came the 1598 Military Manoeuvres on Salisbury Plain, at which all the
Foreign Military Attaches were present and which I shall pass over briefly by
saying that I saw the Prince of Siam nearly drowned. He went and rode his
horse into the stream of a river where we were watering our horses.

As everyone knows. if a horse is tired and hot. the rider has to be careful
that he does not drink too much, or lay down in the stream. The Prince

of Siam's horse did lay down, and he was in. Not only was he in, but he

was under. I was one of those who helped to bring him to and I never saw

a more dejected Prince in my life than this one in his dripping wet uniform
that had been so glittering with all its Orders, and had nearly been exchanged

for a White Shroud. Then we got Orders. We were to be sent to ........

IRELAND

 

The land of the Emerald Isle. Dublin was the place we were being ordered to
go to. This entailed the boxing of horses, 3 job I had never seen in my

life, but I was soon to learn. The mode of procedure was as follows: