-M-

Each soldier took off his saddle and accoutriments and led his horse into
the cattle truck provided by the railway company. And it was easy until
the last horse. and then it became a job. Anyone who has had to do with
horses will possibly explain far better than me what happens. For as

far as I could explain it meant that the animals were highly strung and
were liable to kick out at the advent of the last horse. And there

were 10 horses in each wagon. And when I state that a soldier had to stay
in each wagon to see that no harm came to the horses, I think it will be
agreed that the man concerned had a very arduous task. I was pleased to
find that Casey's name was not on the rota, because all duties in the Amy
are taken in alphabetical order, and as I was in the "C'a", I obviously
thought that I should have one or these jobs, as sentry over the horses.

We travelled miles, we were shunted off into sidings of the railway but

all the time and not part of the time horses were considered first. That
is a maxim in a British Cavalry Regiment: Horses First, Men Afterwards.
The Horse costs $400.0. the man costs 1/—. They can get menby the 1.000
at ’I/- a day. And so a horse i: watched like a baby in a Cavalry Regiment.
And after a soldier gets over his recruit fear of a horse he comes to the
knowledge that the horse is hiebest friend. We were eventually disembarked
at Holyhead and here it was I got caught. A little boy came up to me and
told me he could get me a bottle of whisky for a 1/—. I want you to
remember this was in 1898. I had seen the other soldiers getting the stuff
which was of course Moonshine Whisky. But when it came to my turn I was
waiting for the whisky and what was more important I was waiting for my
change, when we were ordered aboard the boat which was laying alongside

the jetty. We got everything on board and after a Very rough crossing

we saw in the precincts of Dublin Bay the Wicklow Mountains. New although
I bear an Irish name I had never seen Ireland, and not being devoid of
intelligence I had a strange feeling of sentiment come over me. Here was I
a soldier in the British Army, the Army of occupation in Ireland, with an
Irish name and of course Irish parentage coming amongst the people at a time
of trouble. And yet sworn by my Oath that I would serve the Queen and Her
Government So Help Me God, on a Protestant Bible, that I was and had been
reared as a Roman Catholic. That I had been an Altar Boy, and I never
could forget the sorrows of -y Grandfather who came from the City of Cork.
The consequence was, as Alwwa with me. I got quite excited.

Va landed at a wharf and having saddled our horses a nd assembled our full

equipment, we formed up in military precision in troop column in a street