_L.2_

adjoining our landing place. The order came — Mount. And like clockwork
every soldier mounted his horse taking the time from the man on the right.
It is a sight to see a regiment of cavalry get the order to mount. There
is not a detail in the movement that is not done smartly and simultaneously.
When we were sitting in our saddles "at attention" our Squadron Leader
Captain Eastwood faced us and addressed us. He told us that we had come to
Dublin, Dirty Dublin. The women were dirty and we were to be careful.

And I felt my face going crimson because a crowd had gathered to see the
soldiers arrive and I wondered what their thoughts of us was. I know what
I should have thought had it been London instead of mblin listening to

an autocrat such as our Captain was — and that would be "perish him".

The 13th Hussars Band took the lead of the procession. They had come to
"play us in to Dublin" and with drawn swords we marched through the principal
streets to Marlborough Barracks, the most imposing and comfortable barracks

I have ever been in.

I soon gleaned that our duties were to be on a parallel with the Household
Cavalry in London, they were escorts to Queen Victoria, we were to be escorts
to the Viceroy of Ireland The Right Honourable The Earl of Cadogan 8: etc.
who was the Queen's representative in Ireland. Another thing we soon found
out was that everything had to be in burnish, and polish our boots. That is.
our jack boots had to be in ebonite, that was a varnish that was put on with a
brush and gave a looking glass effect to the boots. He at first hailed

this change with glee as it was a relief from blacking the boots which
required a good deal of elbow drill. But our principal task was to be
spotless clean and smart, when we were warned for "Main Guard". That was
the Guard for the main gate of the barracks and comprised the Officer of the
Guard. Sergeant. Corporal and three men. It used to be the practice to have
a fourth man parade and then what an inspection was gone through. First

the different Squadron Orderly Corporals would thoroughly overhaul his men
to see that he was epic and span before marching him on to the square where
the Guard paraded. One 301: the order from the Corporal "Slope Arms - Quick
March", the Corporal marching three paces behind till the square was reached
where the other two or three men who were for guard duty were formed up.

one man from each squadron. The Corporal would sing out "Halt", and then

to the Orderly Sargesnt Major who was waiting there he would say "B. Squadron
present Sir". The other Orderly Corporals would also report "C. Squadron
present - A. Squadron present", as the case may have been. And then we all
knew that the principal inspection was due. Going back some distance as if
to test the power of his lungs the Sargeant Major would roar "Guard — Shun -

Slope Arms" and then he would march up close until he almost breathed in one's