-15-

face and slowly scrutinised each man beginning at the brass helmet and
finishing with the boots and spurs. Wat a caustic tongue he had too.

Then he would go at the back of the guard and you would hear his remarks,
but it was more than one dared do, to look round. What one had to do was
to look straight to the front and stand stiffly at attention. Then up
would come the Officer who acknowledged the salute the Guard would give

to him by bringing his sword to the recover. He would then inspect us again
and then he would ask the Sergeant Major which was the cleanest man. This
on more than one occasion was myself and I was ordered to "fall out"I this
was done by taking 3 paces backwards. It was considered a great honour and
was termed "getting the stick" because one had a night in bed instead of
doing Sentry-Go, and next day was the Regimental Orderly to the Colonel

of the Regiment.

What a life of gaiety I had in Dublin, I could write a book on all my
reminiscences there. There was Theatres, Music Halls and of course Girls.
These would be waiting at the gates of an evening as the troops would be
coming out in their leisure time. No cavalry men is finished work before

7 pan. and he has to be smart and lucky to get out of barracks by that time.
He is then at liberty until midnight. These girls with the soft Irish brogue
would enquire "have yez seen my lovely Tom", or "have yez seen my lovely
Teddy", mentioning the name of some fellow they were waiting for. But they
were all "lovely" and I felt amused the first time I heard it. Needless to
saw my name got enquired for as well. I had been on a very important duty -
Queen Victoria came to Ireland in 1898. We had to go and escort her carriage
from Kingstown to Ballsbridge. where the Life Guards who had come over for
the purpose relieved us, and then we went forward to line the streets. It
was considered a great ceremony as it was the first and only time the Queen
had visited Ireland despite her long reign. She was a very diminutive old
lady. I was quite close to her and I know I was touched to think that this
frail little old lady was the Great Queen Victoria and Empress of India.

All the streets were decorated and gaily lit up in the evening with fairy
lamps. Me and a pal went out to enjoy ourselves and that is how I met
sweetheart no. 1. She was such a lady‘like person. with golden hair and
blue eyes and the girl friend she was with put me in mind of some of the
Ladies-in—Waiting I had seen that day around the Queen. That I had hardly

a word to say for myself, but the pal I was with had plenty of audacity

and he made all the running. I know in walking along we found our two—selves
alone and it transpired that was to be my first introduction to a genuine

respectable family. Her name was Doyle, and her brother Tom was the Foreman