-4u-

at the Guinness Brewery. It was not long before I was introduced to the

whole of the family, and what a wam-hearted family they were. But not
satisfied with that having seen me at Mass (that is Church Parade) she took

me to her Parish Priest and he was a Broth of a Bhoy. "Young fellow", says he,
"if you like a young lady. if you have any respect for a young lady, don't
take her down the bye—wws and back-ways but bring her in the open thorough-
fares. in the light". I pondered over those words and as I have grown

older the value of that advice is one that I would pass on to others.

At any rate when I came out of an evening it was to Doyle's I went and

after the romtering time I had previously spent in other places it was

a haven to me and no doubt kept me straight.

Marlborough Barracks was a spacious place and the daily routine did not

leave much scope for leisure until the evening. Reveille was at 5.30 a.m.
when we arose and made our beds up. The note used to fold up and when the
bedding was folded in the regulation manner the room looked neat. A quarter
of an hour was allowed for this purpose. And then the trumpet call would
sound - Stables. He had to parade outside the stables in two ranks and answer
to our names as the Roll was called. I was what was termed a "young horseman".
That is. I had to take the young horses to school. For horses in a cavalry
regiment have to go to school just like a recruit. In the darkness of a winter's
morning I would be leading a young remount to the Riding School which was
situated at the far end of the Barracks at the Phoenix Park entrance. Open
would come the big doors and we would all file in. The gas chandelier in

the ceiling of the school would show a full light. The floor was heavily
covered with tan in case of a fall. And at the further end of this long
oblong riding school was a gallery in which occasionally the Officers of

the Regiment would steal in to take a peep at whatever was going on.

The Riding Master Lieutenant Cockburn would be there heavily muffled up

and also his staff of Roughridez‘s. As soon as the doors were shut we would
get the order “Look round your saddles". This meant we were to see that no
part of the saddle or bridoon in the horse's mouth was badly fitted. Then
ever so gently we would mount and as some of these young horses had never had
a man on its back before there would sometimes be a very interesting display.
We were not allowed to have spurs on in training these. but carried our
walking out whips. One morning I was told off to ride a young horse that

had been under the care of a chum of mine Bill Bowerman who was a good

rider and who came from a country farm in Norfolk. He knew more about

horses than I did. so when Bill said to me "don't girth him up too tight

at first, wait till you get to the riding—school and then tighten up",

this advice I carried out. But instead of getting the usual order "Look