-#5-

round your saddles". the Riding Master shouted "Mount". and immediately
the order came "Canter". Away we raced round the schoolwith my saddle
slipping back on to the haunches of this young horse. And then I met

with an accident that had its after effects on me in life. I injured

the spine of my back. But so scared was I at all the shcuting and bullying
and also afraid of the derision from my comrades if I made a fuss about it.
Like the fool I must have been I stuck it. I had always been slightly
round shouldered but the training I had received on the Drill ground and
in the Gymnasium had straigtened me up considerably. But this accident
seemed to make an alteration to my appearance. On mounted parades
especially this was the case. Sharp would come the reprimand "hold your
head up that man in the ranks". And I would feel as if I had been hit
with a whip. However there was not much time allowed to brood. over

any wrongs, real or imaginary.

Breakfast would be at 8 o'clock after which the tables and forms would be
secured with hot water and soap. The barrack room floors were treated the
same. The ration tins and tea. pails were highly polished. The fireplace
was white washed and black leaded. Everyone of the 32 men who slept in

that room had his task allotted to him by the Corporal in charge of the room.
This all had to be done quickly as we had to be washed, shaved, buttons and
boots highly polished and all ready for different duties at 9 o'clock.

At the same time the rooms had to be left fit for inspection and woe betide
the man whose kit was not tidy and clean, or whose bed was not uniform and
titty, for the Officer of the day visited all the rooms while the men were
away. Still we found plenty to laugh over. There is no more cheerful an
individual than a cavalryman. I have seenachap come in the barrack room.
dash his equipment down on his bed-cot and start a string of curses and
swearing without stopping to take a breath, and then when he looked round he
would see grinning faces until suddenly he would have to laugh too. Yes,
laugh at his own misfortune, because it usually was the case that some tyrant
of a sargeant had upset him and the only safe place to give vent to his
feelings was in the barrack room. It is a fact in the Amy that a Sergeant
can make a man's life thoroughly miserable, and in many instances causes
desertion, for oncea man gets what is termed "set" in the Regiment he might
just as well go "over the wall". I have seen and experienced some of the
tyranny that exists amongst these bullies whose only protection is the three

gold stripes on their ms and the strict discipline that prevails.