-145-

By a stroke of good fortune I was given a job as a waiter in the sargeante'
mess rooms. This was similar to a civilian job because we were allowed to
wear civilian clothes if we so desired and these could he obtained very

cheap from some of the better class of recruits that Joined the regiment.

I succeeded in obtaining some very good clothes, and when I went to visit

the Doyles I was generally smartly dressed and had a few shillings to spend
besides. because the sargeants and the sergeant majors brought their civilian
friends to the mess which was on a par with any first class hotel, and I got
tips when I waited on them with drinks. I made two churns who worked with

me at this job. One was Jim Laning who in later years I found as a Policeman
in the Thames Police at Napping. the other was Dick Brookwell who came fro.
Bemondsey and who was a champion middleweight boxer in the regiment.
Besides being a boxer he was an unparalleled rise-taker and leg-puller.

He would keep the barrack room in screams of laughter in simicing acme

fellow or the other in voice and actions, and of course I came in as a butt
for some of his practical jokes that would set the whole regiment chuckling
and laughing for days. We who worked in the sargeants' less, although we had
our meals there which of course were or the best and properly cooked, was not
allowed to have any beer there. That would not be in accordance to Army
discipline so we had to go to the canteen. a comedians place where they
sold good beer at 1/— a gallon in v} gallon big cans with a handle on each
side. And we used to congregate in what was termed a Beer—School. There
were six of us in the school I was in. And we need to pool our resources so
that if one nun had no money and the others had, it was no excuse to step

away from the Canteen by saying you had no money.

There is an unwritten law in the Army amongst comrades who are better at
times than blood relations, - "share and share alike". Our motto was "All
Can Huck In". In my circle by a co-inoidence were all the principal boxers
of ther regiment. There was Mo Poulter the heavyweight champion of the
regiment. Dick Brockwell the middle-weight, Jack Linton the light-weight,
Teddy Dawes. rough house merchant with the bare fists, Jim Lamina. Bill
Windsor another clever boxer, and myself. And of the lot I was the only one
that had no conception of boxing. But I suppose mixing with such a crowd
the Squadron Sargeant Major Dick Rae thought I must also be a boxer.

So judge my astonishment and dismay when he said to me one morning

"Casey I have put your name in for the open welter-weight competition in the
Annual Regimental Boxing Display". I did not know what to do. And so I went
to Dick Brockwell and had I but realized it I could not have gone to a worse
individual. He was the very essence of mischief. I said "Dick, the Sergeant