-47-

Major has put my male in for the welter-weight competition and I don't know

a thing about boxing". "That‘ s alright", said Dick. "I will teach you".

So of an evening he nude me put the gloves on with him and he told me which
hand to lead with and which hand to guard with, at the eame time teaching

me to "take punishment". I used to stroll round to the gymnasium to see

the preliminaries and I saw a red headed fellow with a punch like the kick

of a horse. He was knocking his man out easy. And then I found he wse one

of the probables I should have to meet. So back I went to Dick and told

him what I had seen. He told me not to worry and at the same time asked

me to stop in that night and do his turn of duty as he wanted to go out

that night. I also had made arrangements to go to the Doyles Is it was my
night off duty. He then said "Look here Dan, I must go out I hve promised to
meet Kitty tonight, so I will give you 3/6d and do your turn next. I said "No".
"Alright“. said Dick. "come on, you must heve your boxing lesson". Now
being on duty as waiter I had on my starched shirt and collar and also my

best dark civilian suit. and I was practically alI ready to go out when my
time to do so arrived. 50 simply taking my collar off and tucking up my
shirteleeves I put on the gloves and we went at it. I must explain that these
boxing lessons took place at the top of the wgeants' mess in the big kitchen,
and in this kitchen was a big swill tub that was collected once a week for the
pigs at some farm outside the City. It was an evil smelling tub and on this
evening more than half full. And so as Dick came for me he msnoeuvred it

so that I had this swill tub directly behind me. And then he sent over a
knock—out punch that put me out and in the tub I dropped. 0! course he

had done it for the purpose but he helped me up and lent me a shirt and some
clean clothes and put 3/6d in my hand, and away he went to meet his Kitty
while I went downstairs in a dazed condition to wait on the sergeants and
the sargeant-majors. I was soon noticed and was asked what was the matter
with me. I told them that "Brockey" had knocked me out in a boxing lesson
at which they only smiled. But I approached the Sergeant Major and asked him
to take my name off the list as I did not think I had any hopes of making a
good show. He was in a good temper as it happened and agreed to do so.

But when the bold Dick came home that night and I told him what I had done,

he was furious, the names he called me. I should have known that Brockwell
would not let the matter pass without some practical joke taking place at

my expense. He always went to eleborate pains to prepare the ground for

all his jokes.

So next morning about ‘I1 o'clock while I Has ironing the billiard table
and he was cleaning the big mirror over the tiz‘e—place. the room being full

of sergeants and nrgemtumsjors just come off the Parade Ground. I sew them