-L+8-

all state at Brockwell who wee making faces at himself in the glass and then
sparring up in a boxing attitude and delivering terrific bloue at his image

in the glass. I thought he had suddenly gone mad. "What's the matter with

you Brockvell?" snapped the Regimental Sergeant Major, the supreme head

of the mess. Brockvell turned round and standing stifﬂy to attention said
"Nothing'e the matter with me Sir - it's Casey. he's been and broke our

looking glass upstairs Sir. He is the 8 stone ‘0 champion looking glees fighter".
And then what a laugh went up. I flung the flat iron at him and chased him

to the canteen. As I passed A. Squadron Block two soldiers standing at the
corner both started sparring at the wall. As I got to B. Squadron Block

two others did the same, and when I got in the canteen everybody etood up

end shouted "here he is, the Mirror Fighter“. ‘l'h-t was only one or Brockwell'e
little jokes. He could always get any amount of accomplices to assist him.

The next joke he played on me very nearly had serious consequences.

Our Regimental Sergeant Major had been granted a Comiesion as an Officer,

he had risen from the rank of a private end it being the first instance of
anything like that happening in the King's Dragoon Guards, he was presented
with en Officer's Sword, and a concert was to be given. All the refreshments
were to be free to all the sergeants. surgennt-mejore end their friends.
This use to be a very elaborate affair and was to be held in Army Temperance
Hall in the barracks, a big hall hired for this night only. The Colonel and
all his Officers were to be present. a stage and scenery was to be built,

and to crown it all the Music Hall Artistes appearing at the Empire, Dublin
were coming after their show was finished to do their tune in the barracks,
such Pros. as Pat Rafferty and other star turns of the day. Laming, Brockvell
and myself got all preparations. There was any amount of bottles of whiskey,
beer, cigars etc. And it Has our job to see that everyone was kept supplied.
The humouroue part about it Has to see the sergeante‘ Hives peering through
the windows at their husbands getting drunk. The ever mischief making Brockvell
did not deem that fair so he kept taking the women out drink to get them
drunk too He also had our pals outside who should have been in bed when
Lights Out wee sounded by the trumpeter at 10.15 pun, but who took the

chance of being caught for the sake of some free beer. This was going along
ewimmingly. About 12 midnight the Colonel made a speech in which he gave
great praise to the newly Commissioned Officer. And then the successor to
the Regimental Sergeant Major. He gave e speech and us it all hinged on
patriotism and loyalty to the Queen it displeased some of the civilian Irish

friends of the sergeants, who by this time were well on the way to being drunk.