-l;9_

I saw one of the): blow out a "raspberry". And 0! course I must go and tell
Dick. “Alright". said Dick. "you go and tell him there is a gentleman in a
long Newmarket overcoat wants to speak to him at the door". 50 away I went
over to this fellow. A big strapping Irishman and told him he was wanted.

He lurched to his feet, excused himself to his pals and followed me to the
door. And then Dink challenged and tackled him. He was heavier and bigger
than Dick but he was seized and dropped in the horse-trough. The shout he
gave brought out all his pals and I was soon aware that I had a fight on

my hands. One got hold of me by the throat and it was Brockwell's boxing
lessons that made him leave 30. Talk about a rough-house. I know we rushed
the crowd of them to the Main Gate. The Guard on duty saw us coming and
opened wide the gates. And as e final I gave my opponent a shove which sent
him reeling across the road into a ditch. I felt a bit proud at the time
because I heard the others say "did you see how Casey hit his man. did you
see him put him right out in that ditch7". Brockwell never said a word but
I saw him give me 3 queer look. "Hello", said I to myself "I wonder what

mischief he is concocting now?". I was very soon to find out.

He got a sudden Order. We were to leave Dublin for Aldershot and I was

sent out into Dublin to order some boxes, twine, rope etc. to pack the
utensils ot the sargeants' mess. As I was not told to hurry, I made it

my business to call on the Doyles to acquaint them with the news that we

were leaving Ireland. They were upset. I know I made some rash promises

to the effect that I would come back on my first leave. But I was barely 20
years of age and what young fellow has mde the same sort of promises.

When I returned to the barracks and went up the stairs to the kitchen of

ihe sargeenta' mess. the cook whose name was Johnson said to me "Where have

ynu been’P. Have you seen Sargennt Major Eae'i". I said "No. why?".

He said "well he is looking for you end it is something to do with that "civvy"
you chucked out the other night. I said "why what's the matter with him?".

He said "they say he's dead". Just then the whistle of the speaking tube blew
and I heard the Mess-Sergeant's voice from downstairs ask if Casey was back yet.
Then Dick Brockwell rushed into the kitchen panting as if he was out of breath.
"What did you come back for? Why didn't you stop out?". I said "why what's
the matter", And then I said "is this some more of your 133-pullin57".

He said "look across there", pointing his finger towards the urderly-room
which adjoined the guard room at the main entrance. I looked and sew two
civilians. He said "they are the Police. the fellow you chucked out the

other night, he's dead and you killed him". Just then I heard our Provost-
Sargesnt shout out "Is Casey up there?". And whatever doubts I had vanished.
Dick said "go and hide upstairs in the lumber room". This was a room that led

to the clock-tower. 50 up the stairs I climbed s11 amongst the Cobwebs and dirt.