-5-

took our "Party" first. I recall walking between graves with little
tomb stones at their head and coming eventually to a hole in the ground
that was boarded on each side of the hole and then I noticed that some
other coffin or coffins had been sent or placed down this very same hole.
And then I woke “2. "Don't put put my mummy down that hole". I can:
recall that, and I have since had it corroborated by my relatives and
yet as the years have passed and my temperament being what it is, I am
Iare than sure that I did utter those words —- "Don't put my mummy

down that hole".

At any rate we came back rather different to the way we went. For a
start off I missed the hearse. Yes. I missed the four horses with their
nodding plumes and their beautiful bleak velvet loin cloths. Ve got
into carriages it is true but we had not proceeded very far before we
pulled up at a Public House that I believe was called the Thatched House.
And I recall. with the exception of my lied and myself, everybody was
smiling and drinking and there was not a word mentioned about the One
we had left behind that had gone down a deep, very deep hole. And even
when we got back home to Mrs. Kemp's who had got a special kind of tea
rendy, not a word was uttered except to thank the good woman who had
prepared the meal.

And then it came that I was to live with my grandmother and my sister
(the first I ever saw her in my recollection was on this occasion)
was to go to a Convent. I looked at my little sister who all this
time had been nursed by Polly Kemp (that was Mrs. Kemp's daughter

a nice cheerful young woman) and then started a New Era in my history.

My poor old Grandfather end Grandmother hsd descended from a shopkeeper -

e Business Man to a common or garden Jobber of Boots. His idea of an
advertisement was to show a card on which was displayed a Ladies (up the leg)
Button Boot with the additions that Ladies were half soled and heeled for
1/6d end that the Gentleman's ditto were 2/6d. The procedure was as follows:
On a Monday my Grandfather would go to Petticoat Lane and hw up some old
boots, then buy some leather and brads etc. at the leather Grinders and work
on these boots all the week to sell on e Saturday night in Crisp Street,
Poplar. I know that when the floor was swept up some of the dust was
retained in a big pepper box and a composite candle was used with this dust
to cover over the cracks in the boots. :0 after they had been heeled. soled
and polished up they then looked quite new and nart and would sell at 3/6d
or L!/- a pair. And so what with the repairing jobs that came to the door

and working and selling secondhand boots. he was able to make a livelihood.