_ >0 _
Then I heard Dick's voice bringing the Provost-Corporal. "He is up here"
I heard him say. "pal or no pal I am not going to be hung for him. They are
looking {or a clean ehaven man and that's Casey". (Brockwell was very vein
of his moustache). I got scared at all this talk and by difficult climbing
I made my way into the clock tower and. got out of a window thinking I could
get on to a roof. When I recall that climb I wonder how I managed to do it.
At last they spotted me. "Come on", said the Corporal. "get into regiments].
dress as quick as you can. You are wanted over at the orderly room". They
gave me some help to clean up and dress and. the Corporal and myself went
downstairs out of the mess. As soon as we got into the court-yerd the
Corporal said to me "Alright you 3:: on over to the gustd-room, I will be over
in a minute". Now had I paused to think I should have known by this time
that it was all a big hit of leg-pulling because once s men is made prisoner
his escort does not leave him, but over him keeps a close guard. I went over
to the guard-room end the sentry walking up and down said "Vot'cher Ihn,
are you going out?". I said "No, I believe that I m s prisoner“, and then
I passed on into the room where all the Guard were sprawled out on benches
reading and smoking. "what do you want Casey?" said. the Corporal of the Guard
who I knew. I told him I was supposed to have killed a civilian on the night
of the concert and was under arrest. "That's funny" he said " for I have got
no orders". I said, "who were the two civilians that were here a little while
ego?" and he replied that they were newly joined recruits. "However". he said,
there is Mr. Taylor outside the orderly room. so out and ask him abut it".
Now Mr. Taylor was the new Regimental Sergeant Major and also the one who had
mede the speech that the civilians made the disturbance over. So as I stood
waiting outside trying for an opportunity to speak to him. he turned to me end
asked what it was I wanted. I told him that I had thrown s fellow out of
barracks who had interrupted his speech. "Serves him damn well right" he
said, but when I told him I was under arrest for killing the man. I saw the
twinkle come in his eyes. "Casey Boy", he said", "someone over there painting
with his whip towards the mess is pulling your leg". And then I knew it was
Brockwell again with his practical jokes and his accomplices who were 31qu

ready to cause a laugh at someone's expense.

We were kept busy getting ready for our departure and eventually I found myself
on the boat that was to take us across. The crowds that came to see us leave:
Our Band plying .11 the lively tunes and the women and girls dancing with the
soldiers on the jetty. Officers and Sergeants getting excited because some
of the men would not obey orders and come on board the boat. Looking at the
back of the crowd I saw my girl with her brother Tom trying to catch my
attention and that was the last I saw of them as the host steamed away ACI‘OBB
Dublin Bay.