-51-

ALDERSHOT

 

We were not enanoured with the idea of being sent to Aldershot. What soldier
would be after spending such happy times in Ireland. Aldershot is nothing but
soldiers. soldiers. Every am of the service is there. Bugle: and trumpeters
ue sounding day and night. One realises he is in the Am when he is stationed
at Aldershot. I had been there a little over a week when I received a surprise
visit from my father. It was on a Saturday morning he came. I knew that he
worked for Jenning Welsh Clothworkers for I had been there to see him when on
furlough from Dublin. I surmised he had the Saturday off to come down and visit
me. He was pleased to see me as I was pleased to see him. I was up to my eyes
as the saying is with work. and was rather puzzled as to where I could take him.
Eventually I took him across to the barrack-room and explained the position to
the chaps there that I had my work to do in the Mesa. Would they see him right
until I was at liberty?. They agreed to do so. And to my surprise, after I
had made all arrangements that he could come and have his dinner with me in

the Sugeants' Mess where the food was caoked and served better than what the
nens were, when I went over to {etch him he was sitting down at the table with
the soldiers to dinner, as if he had been in the Army all his life. They had
taken him to the canteen, and had made a proper fuss over him and he was
thoroughly enjoying himself. They said to me "Casey your old mm is going to
stop here tonight". I said "where is he going to sleep?". They said "the
Sergeant who sleeps in that cubicle has gone up to London and we Know how to
open the door".

That evening my father, a chum And myself went out for a walk round the town
of Aldershot. We spent a pleasant evening. had one or two drinks and went
beck to barracks. He went into the Sargeut's bed in the cubicle that was
built in a corner of the berraek-room and I slept in my own cat in the mom
itself. About midnight a drunken dragoon stumbled in, by some chance he had
avoided the Military Police who would certainly have scooped him in had they
encountered him in such a condition. He also appeared to have been in a fight.
The noise he made when he came in wake us all up. He then started cursing.

He included Dragoons. Husaus, Foot-Soldiera and all the time he was sprawled
on the floor in the dark. Then I heard my father‘s voice say “you have cursed
the whole of the British Army, mate". "Who was that?" said this drunken
fellow. Someone said "Easy on, that's Casey's father". I had slipped out of
bed like a cat and was ready for him if he interfered with my dad. He lit

A bit of a candle and staggering over to the cubicle he burst the door in with
me right behind him. By the light of the candle I could see my {Ither sitting