-52-

up in bed smiling at us. "Are you Casey's father?", said the fellow who was
drunk. "Yes“, said my father. "Then drink thin". and to my surprise he put
his hand inside his shirt and brought out a bottle of whisky. Needless to say
my father did as requested and my alarm for his safety was needless. We put
the fellow to bed and went to sleep. The following day being Sunday, my father
was left to wander round the garrison where he saw lots of sights to intereat
him. He witnessed the Church Parade of all the regiments in the Aldershot
Command and when I bade good—bye to him in the evening he assured me he had
enjoyed himself immense. I slyly asked him what my step-mother would say to
him when he got home to Ilford. He said "An I not entitled to see my only

son?". That was the first visit, the second one was not so pleasant for him.

During my job as Hess-Waiter I got in the good books of all those I had to
look after and among them was the orderly-room clerk. a Staff Sergeant.

He said to me one day “Casey, how would you like to go to Australia?"

I said "I should like it very much", but at the same time I thought he was
joking. "Alright“, he said, "I will see what I can do for you". What was

my surprise when I heard that 21 picked menof the Regiment were to go on a tour
of Australia and that my name was on the list. At first 50 men paraded in

full dress and the Colonel done the choosing. I thought that I stood no chance
at all. Then I paraded again with 30 men and again I passed until it was
aettladdefinitely that I was one of the 21 men who were to go. The idea of
this tour to the colonies was the outcome of Mutual Government Policy that

was to weld 311 the Colonies into one Imperial Commonwealth with a Parliament
in Sydney. And to comemonte this the Duke and Mchose of York were going out
on the 5.8. Ophir. And 21 of each regiment 1n the Amy were going for ceremonial

parade s .

At last the time came for our departure from Aldershot. The Household Cavalry
had sent their contingent to join us. and with our White Helmets and in matching
order. our Band played us to the station. It was a very inspiring day for me

to think that I was going away 3.11 those thousands of miles. One of the

two sergeants who was going with my contingent asked me if I would be his

bat men (servant) on the tour, the duties of which conaieted of keeping his
boots and buttons clean and looking after his accoutriments as well as my own.
The pay was 12/- a month for this. I could very well hAve done without this
job as I was of the opinion that I should have quite enough to do on the voyage
to look after myself. But having been asked it would have been very unwise to

re fuse .