_ 5h _
at Malta. a very decent aha}: who took me to his canteen and eventually
accompanied me to the harbour where a Naval boat took me back to my ship.
I got into trouble for not keeping in the ranks but my excuse was accepted
and I was not punished. Valetta Harbour is the base for the Mediterranean
Fleet. I got a close view of the battle-ships drawn up in line at their
meetings. As our Troop Ship took its departure from Malta the naval men
climbed their rigging like cats and gave us a cheer to which we all responded
lustily.

I found the life aboardship not at all unpleasant as I got used to the

routine. The bugle would sound the reveille, when we would clamber out

of our hammocks that were suspended from the ceiling by two books. We had

to roll the hammock and the blanket in a neat roll and take them to the hammock
store. Each one bore a number so that each man retained his own during the
voyage. But woe betide the one whose roll was untidy. He was deprived of

his bed fur a couple of nights. After we handed our hammocks in, our next

duty was to parade on the hurricaneedeck for gymnasium. After that breakfast
was served and this used to consist of something that I had never been used

to before for breakfast - Rice and Curry Stew, Coffee or tea which was usually
greasy, bread or ships biscuits. After came the clean up - tables and forms
were scoured. All the utensils which were made of tin were polished and set
out for inspection. And then everbody, with the exception of the two mess-
orderlies for the day, all had to be on deck, washed and shaved. buttons cleaned
and in bare feet. The Bugle sounded the Fall In On Parade and over a 1000
soldiers stood to attention on the ship's deck. While this was taking place
the Captain of the Ship inspected the mens' living quarters to see that
everything was clean. We on deck were being inspected to see that we were
clean. Then we were instructed where to line up for the boats in case of
Shipwreck or Fire. This rehearsal took place regularly. He had the rest or
the day to ourselves, which gave us a chance to scrub and mend our clothes

or play games etc. We came across schools of porpoises that appeared to

be trying to race the ship. 0n the voyage we saw a whale that created interest
to everyone on board. It was of tremendous length and as it rose to blow it
seemed like a fountain. Then we passed ships in the night although all we
could see on the dark blot of the ocean was a tiny light like a star. It
seemed to me that the ship put on speed at night. I was told that with
everyone asleep this was possible.