_ 55 _
Our next etopping place was Port Said, where we coded the ship. Coll huge:
cme alongside lhden with coal. Hen. boys. women end girle - ell niggers and
with little beekete on their ehouldere they ran up And down the plank: made
fast to the ehip. There wee so many of them that they were a living chain
and 5.11 the time they chanted some weird tune. All day this din and dust
went on and then the Bun-boat men came rowing to the ship's aide selling
turkish cigarettes and plug-tohacco e11 remarkably cheep. Some of the kids
thht accompanied their perente on the coal barges gave an exhibition of
swimming end diving. Their cry was "Penny I dive, penny I dive" and no
matter how fer you threw the penny they were after it like greyhounds, down
they would go and then they would come to the surface treading wlter and
ehow you the penny which they put in their mouth. I eaw e sickening ‘3er
that wes caused by a guerdemen during this swimming display. Away on the
starboard eide of the ship a school of shark: were swimming Around and thin
fellow dared one youngster to dive for e shilling which he threw in the
direction where the sharks were. The kid could not have seen from the water
what we could see from the ship's deck because away he went after the
ehilling. And then pandeuonium broke loose. the netivee shouted at him to
come beck, so did we on deck. So excited did we get that eeverel of u set
ubout this guerdmn end gave him a terrible hiding. For one of the sharks
epotted the boy and elthough he turned too late to come back and was right
close to the ship with us shouting and throwing Imps of coal. the shark
had him and took his an off from the shoulder. The natives got to the boy
just in time as he was einking and pulled his mangled body into e bolt.
Thie depressed me very much.

He left Port Said and started up the Suez Camel. Ships have to proceed deed
elow passing through the Canal, there is just room tar two ships to pass
each other at regular intervals. There are dredge” for the banks are or
and which would soon make it impossible for ehipe to navigate. One side
is Arabia and the other Egypt. He saw the camel-corp patrolling one side
of the bank. Out of the canal we stopped at Port Suez then we went on to
our first stage of Australia, Western Auetrelia. Fremantle was the Port.
Here we diaemharked and proceeded by train to Perth which is the capital.
We took part in a procession, and received a fore-teste of how we were to
be treeted by the Australians. We all sat down to a very sumptuous lunch,
when we proceeded back to the ship by the same news as we came and sailed
on our Journey to Sydney.

It is a splendid sight to view Sydney Harbour as I viewed it on this Christmas

Eve. It of course who mid-summet there with the temperature at 93 degrees