-56-

in the shade. The ship berthed at the P 8: O jetty at North Circular Quey.

We paraded in Full Dress Uniform which included our brash helmets and with

the sun beating down on us we marched through the cheering crowds of people
with bands playing marching tunes. And here a very humourous in cident
oocured. We were in column of tour: with a chum of mine on the extreme

left and going along he whispered to me "Dan, there's e civvy here asking me
to have a drink“. As a matter of feet what with the heat and dust my own
throat was parched. “Stop that talking in the ranks and march to ettention“
said Our sergeant who was close behind us. "I am going to chuck a dummy again"
whispered Ben. "Alright". I said, "I will work it to stay behind and look
after you". Bang drops Ben in the road but my move did not follow because I
was ordered on. It was the urgent who stayed behind to see after Ben end as
I marched along in the procession I wondered if it would be tumbled that there
was nothing the matter with Ben except that he was thirsty.

We were given a splendid spread and shown to our quarters which were in the
Agricultural Grounds at Sydney. We had nice clean sheets. renthar-pillows
end feather—beds to each one of our cots. I could hardly believe my sense:
when I saw them. The place was lit with electric lights and everything was
spotless clean. The next item was that the Mounted Police provided us with
their horses. These were splendid animals with plenty of Vim in them. And
it was our first job to get used to them after being six weeks on the ocean.
And then Ben and the sergeant turned up. I could see that they had found
some friends. Ben told me he had made arrangements for him and myself to
meet these civilians - which we did. They took us about and showed us the
sights. the principal thoroughfares and I was quite delighted. We were living
on the best of food and being waited on at mealtimes by waiters and waitresses.
The enterprising proprietors who ran the grounds decided to admit the public
at a charge of 6d ench to see the English Soldiers. So our kits had to be
kept in Burnish and Polish. In the stables our horses and saddles had to

be likewise. Our Lancee. Swords and Cubines were properly arrayed at the
back of our bed-cots. There was one draw-back attached to this for no
matter how tired one was in the evening, not one could lay down on his bed
until all the public had departed.

He also were engaged in a Military Tournament which consisted as far as we
were concerned in Mounted Sword and Lance Exercises all done at the gallop.
Alec going over the Hurdle Jumps and cutting ht heede and posts with our
eabree. It was exactly the same drill that is done by all cevslry regiments
at home in England but the Australian people applauded our efforts. I was
strolling alone around the grounds one afternoon when a very cheerful old ledy