-57-

asked Ie where she could find the Husears. She begen by explaining that
her first husband had belonged to the 1hth Hussers end in a quick-fire
chatter she told me :11 her business. I was mead at this old lady for

I had no Intentions of stopping and talking to her except to answer her
questions. But she said "they told me st home that you young fellows would
laugh at an old woman like me". I said, "Mother, don't you believe any of
us would laugh at you". And to show how earnest I was I showed her round
the grounds and stablae. She was quite delighted and made me promise when
she Asked me my name to come out to her place to dinner. She said she
would send her son for me. I said “goodbye“ and then promptly {orgot the

incident .

Some nights utter I went out in Sydney along with my chum Ben. Vle found

some very free-heerted civilians who treated us rather too well so that Ben
got tipsy and I was not much better. On our way home we saw a policeman
taking e stray dog to the station. For some reason ox- the other he gave the
dog to Ben who st first made a fuss of it. But going elong he became crazed
with the strong drink he had imbibed. And the next thing I knew» was he had
smashed a big shop window and had took to his heels with the dog in his arms.
I run after him as hard as I could run end sew’him dive into the river head
first. I thought it was a case of suicide so quickly I ran down to the bank
of the river and although s non—swimer I waded in after him only to discover
he was swimming about like e fish, that I had nearly got drowned for nothing.
We were a very sorry spectacle when we arrived at our quarters and although
the sergeant was going to intercept us he thought discretion was the better
part of velour, for that night at any rate. We were told the next morning

to consider ourselves under arrest. So very uneasy in mind I went to the
stables to clean up my saddle. As it happened I was the only one there, the
others having finished their saddles earlier. Then I noticed a gentleman
watching me through the stable door. Thoughts of the broken shop window

of the previous evening came to mind. so I naturally took him to be a 'tec.
"Is your name Casey'I". he asked. I said. "No. Casey is over st the bungalow".
He said, "I have been there and they told me I should find him in the stables,
only my mother has sent me to bring him home to our home to dinner". I said.
"wee that old lady your mother who I was with the other day?". He said “you
ere Casey“. then I owned I was. He had s mart pony and trap to drive me

to his home which was 20 miles inland. 0! course I had to go and consult

Ben first as I did not like the idea of going alone so far inland. He

agreed to come with me, as he pointed out, we were under open arrest for our

disorderly behaviour and as soon as we were brought before the Officer he

would certainly punish us so that we would not be allowed out for the reminder

of the time we were in Sydney. So adding that it was just as well to be
hanged for a sheep as a lamb, we get ourselves ready dressed to go out.