-55-

The Sergeant observed us and after warning us that we were not allowed to
leave the grounds, he went to the Main Entrance to notify the Guardwhich
on that day happened to be the Argyle and Sutherland Highlanders, that no
dregoone were to be allowed out without a permit. But as we were determined
by this time to go at all costs we told our new civilian friend to bring

his pony and trap to the outside of a well we pointed to. Away he went to
do hie part of the business. And then Ben and myself started to climb
helping each other. The Guard saw us from the Gate and gave the alarm.

But we were in the tray and bowling along and. soon was out of sight.

It transpired when we reached the Homestead that the friend who had come

for us was the only son and was getting married the following day. That
meant we were to stay and the fuss these good people made over us I shall
not forget. There were friends of the family that came fro: outlandish
parts of Australia. With these we were soon on the best of tems. They
took us through the Bush Country, and I quickly found how easy it is to

get lost in the Australian Bush. It happened this way. A party of us
consisting of young girls and young men were walking towards an Hotel that
was situated. on the fringe of the Bush, when one of the fellows said he
knew a short cut to the Hotel. I was talking to two of the girls at the
time and the three of he went in the wrong direction. They soon said

"we are lost". As I did not realize the gravity of the situation I Only
laughed, {or I thought it great fun to be walking through grass that reached
as high as my shoulder. But when I saw the look on the girls' faces I saw
it wee no laughing matter but something very serious. They both shouted
"Coo —e -e“, that being the Australian call for help. We were wandering
about holding on to each other and calling for over an hour. It was

their dog Rover who found us and shortly we were re-united with the rest

of the party, who were deeply concerned at what might have happened.

They assured me it was no uncommon thing to find the skeleton of a man

who had been lost in the Bush and whose flesh had been eaten by the big—anta
that uhonnded there in droves. We econ forgot this incident in jollification
of the wedding party. I sang a few of the London Music Hall songs that were
in vogue at the time. Ben he entertained at the piano and others there
played different instruments. There was plenty of venison. wild duck. boat
and other food that I had never seen in London. At last after three days
absence we decided to return and receive what punishment was in store for us.
The old couple took the Son aside and whispered acne instructions as he was
to drive us back to our quarters. As soon as we arrived back the others
wanted to know where we had been. And the urgent grimly told us we were

going to cop it hot. But this civilian friend had made it his business to

interview our Officer. So the next morning when we were paraded before him