_ 59 _
after delivering a little semen of going off without a permit, he let us

off with a reprimand.

The next day we: what I shall term the Big Day. The Ceremony that had
brought us 16,000 miles was to take place. He who were mounted on the
Police—horses but with our own English saddles and equipment were formed
up with the Royal Horse Guards, Life Guards, Dragoons, Husears, Lancers
and then behind were the Indian Cavalry, Bengal Iancers. Madras Iancers
and etc. The English were under the command of Ceptain Gordon Wilson of
the Royal Horse Guards. Then the procession started. First went all the
different tradespeople with their banners and bends. every type of industry
was represented, the whole procession was five miles long. Then the
Command came for us : "English Cavalry - carry swords - walk — march".
And we took the lead of the English contingent. The cheering we got

from the thousands of penile who lined the route for it had been declared
a Public Holiday. He reached the Domain, Sydney, where the Earl of
Hopetown who was the Governor-General made a Proclamation in the name of
Queen Victoria. And After a lot of fomalities such as the swearing-in

of high offocials we returned to our quarters. Then came the packing up
for our departure from Sydney. All our uniforms were packed away and we
were dressed in Indian Khaki with White Helmets. And in this garb we marched
to the docks to our ship that had been moored there for three weeks.

What a. contrast was the ship's food and accommodation to what we had been

having.

Our next Port of call was Brisbane where we stayed three days and then we
went on to Tasmania. It was just as we reached here that we got news of
Queen Victoria‘s death. 50 instead of having a procession we held a Metal
Service instead in which all the religious denominations took part. Flags
were at half mast and the whole proceedings was very solemn. We thought at
first we were to return home to England, but got the news that we were to

p on to Melbourne. Now Melbourne is a much finer City than Sydney. It is
built on a Square System with broad thoroughfares. We left the ship at

the Port of Melbourne which is seven miles from the City itself and travelling
by train were lodged in the Victoria Barracks. It then transpired that our
Regiment was in South Africa where War had been declared with the Boers.

And we were to go out with the Bushmens contingent from Melbourne.

Our Quarter Master was to remain behind to finish the tour. And I soon
discovered I was to be left behind to look a!tex‘ him as his servant. I felt
it keenly at the time parting from Ben and the rest of them who I left in
Melbourne, for I sailed for New Zealand that night.