-6-

But the long hours he spent at his low cobbler'o bench caused him to be

properly hunch-becked .

I had come to visit us very frequently my first couein Don and we always

got on well together. I used to look upon him an a good guide and as one
who knew more than I did. His life was not such on easy one 3: nine

because hie father was Always out 0! work. And it was left to his mother

to go to work to keep a roof over their heads. I recollect him taking me
on my first visit to the City. We walked from Mile End to Westminster

and I recollect some of the sights. The omnibuses with the cocky conductors
hanging on behind with a strap. There were no stairs to get on the top

of the bus but :1 series of steps so one had to clamber. I know that I

was much impressed by all he showed me.

My sister having been taken to the Convent School at Hanpsteed through the
kind offices of the Sieters at Bow, it was arranged that I should go to

Bow Roman Catholic Schools which were in Devone Road. My father was to
provide books and he paid 3d a week for my school money, this he paid when he
went to W the money for my little sister Katie, who although away at
Hampsteed Convent her money wee paid in to Bow Convent and forwarded on.

I have a reason {or relating this as events will show. I had received all
directions the way I was to take to get to school and one Monday morning

I went and was presented to the Reverend Mother who was in charge of the
School. It consisted of one big school room and Girls and Boys were
together. that is to say the Girls had the back tom and the Boys were

in front. There wee some very ragged boys in my class with no boots or
stockings. And I know one or the other would crawl round the back of the
class and pinch at one of the girls' legs. Then there would be an uproar
end the Sister would deecend on us with the cane and I generally got in the
way of it but the one who had caused the mischief would dodge it. He used
to go and stand in a circle round one of the Sisters when she was taking
the class through some exercise or other, and that used to be the time for
some skylarking. The Sister was a bit shortsighted but she always Lashed
out at the boy who hnppened to be in e certain spot. The others knew this
and more than once I was jockeyed into this warm spot. And slash would
come the cane. She was not perticuler where she hit, on the {Ace or
anywhere. I know I seemed to be especially marked as one she did not like
And one evening I was ordered to stop back in school after all the other:
had gone home. Now my Grandmother believed in home made remedies and not

in doctors so once a week I had to swallow a good dose of Brimstone end