_ 60 _
In the Army you do not get down-hesrted for long. I was soon interested
in the sights I saw at sea. We came through terrible rough seas crossing
the Australian Eight. The sees were of mountainous heights and came dashing
down on the ship's decks until I thought we would never survive. It got so
bad that we were under battened down hatches some part of the time. And
when we were allowed to come up on deck it was by the aid of life-lines,
ropes across the deck we were able to reach to the cooks—galley for our
food. And even when we safely returned to the lower-deck to issue to each
man his share, the ship would keel right over on its side and we would all
go sprawling on the deck. For days we had rough seas until we sighted the
Bluff at Dmedin, where we started to receive a Maori welcome from the
Maoris on the cliffs who intoned some shout. "Ha-Ki, Ha-Ki". which means
"Welcome". These Haoris have not the negro type of features and are treated
ere equals by the New Zealmders. They also have land in their own rights.
We were welcomed ashore by the Principal Officials and after a ceremony were
given a luncheon. We then returned to our ship and proceeded to Wellington,
where the same programme was gone through. Leaving Wellington we proceeded
to Auckland, where I had another pleasant incident come my way. I of course
was the only Dragoon on the ship, so as we lay moored. to the jetty the public
were allowed on board. I was pmsently talking to two fellows dressed in
the unifom of the Auckland Volunteers and showing them round the ship. One
asked me to meet him the next day and have a meal with him. I of course thought
he meant in a coffee shop. So as a change from the rough food on the ship.
I agreed. This incurred getting permission from my Officer. When I met this
fellow he took me down Queen Street, the main thoroughfare of Auckland into
a palatial hotel. I thought we were going in for a drink. but he took me
upstairs and introduced me to his mother. It was then I realised that his
father owned the hotel. We sat down to luncheon and was waited upon by his
butler who made me feel out of place by winking at me behind their chairs,
and in dumb actions telling me to eat and drink as much as I could. There
were so many spoons. knives. forks for each course that it got me confused.
Still the butler saw that my glass was never empty, and that I had a full
helping of each course. I was full, too full. when that meal finished. I
was furnished with a handful of cigars. Then it was decided to go {or a
drive, so the carriage was ordered. a slap up affair with Coachman and footmen
and drawn by a pair of harass that must have cost a mint of money. The old
lady wanted me to sit beside her facing the horses, the father and son sitting
opposite, the son still in his volunteer uniform. I had never experienced
such luxury before and it put the finishing touch to it when she directed
the coachman to drive down to the jetty so that she could see our ship.
Many of the troops were looking over the rail and as soon as I was Observed

riding in a carriage shouts of "Casey'."went up "Wot‘cher, Casey!" , but the lady