-61-

took not the slightest notice and told the coachuen to drive home. Not back
to the hotel but to their country residence a number of miles inland. We
passed the crater of some volcuo on the wey, the smoke still rising from it,
all around was 51:5. They did tell me the me and history of this crater
which I econ forgot, when we reached their home| e wonderful place with
horses, sheep, youltry. A lovely garden in full bloom. And what took my
fancy. an aviary of parrots end cockatooe, most of them telking birds.

And coming away he gave me e pair of cockntoos. Commencing It mnedin.

where the Maoris had given our Colonel Wyndham of the 21st Lancers a beautiful
thorough-bred haree, we had collected some pets on board belonging to the
Officers and men - : wullaby. mongoose end parrots which were kept on the
top—deck. so I knew I should be able to keep them on the ship. I bade
good-bye to these kind friends and that night we sailed on our return journey
to England.

We stopped at Aden and Colombo where the first Boer prisoners had arrived
and where I bought a monkey for 3/6d from one of our soldiers there.

I never succeeded in getting any of my pets home. As regards the monkey

I made a box to keep it in with a wooden latch to it. There were also one or
two monkeys belonging to members of the crew in boxes on this deck where the
pets were kept and in fact it was a miniature 200. I came up on deck early
one morning to find the troops interested in the entice of a monkey at the
top of the meat of the ship. Then I heard one say "it belongs to Casey".

All day it performed up there running from one meat to the other on the line
that went across. I knew it would come down when it was hungry so telpted it
with some food and as I caught it I could not resist giving it a smack. It
turned on me and hit me so I determined to get rid of it. Just as I was
about to throw it overboard one of the Engineers bought it from me for what
I gave for it. I afterwards heard it was kept at the canteen in Aldershct

where its antics unused the troops.

Soon after leaving Port Suez we ran aground on a hidden sand bank which took
us days to get off. despite the naaiatance of tugs which came from the Port.
Here it is terribly hot in the daytime but very chilly at night and one
morning I found my birds dead through the cold. We proceeded on our way
home and one bright morning in April we sew the shores of England. It was
not long before we had disembarked and entrained for Aldershot. The first
person to pull me up in Aldershot was a Military Policeman on account of

my Attire, White Helmet and Dragoons uniform. But I had come from places
he had only read about in books and I told him 50 very forcibly.