_ 62 _
As soon as I settled down in barracks I asked for leave to London. They
replied that I had been on a good holiday. but I did succeeed in getting
three days leave. I visited my father And my Aunt Eliza and told. them of
my travels. When I returned to Aldershot I was asked to take the Corporals
Stripes and after seeing the Commanding Officer it came out that I was to
be Corporal C-sey at an increase in pay of hd a day. For s start this
promotion did not suit me at all as I could never reconcile myself to be
a bully or a sneak. One of my jobs was to drill the last joined recruits.
the "awkward squad" it was called. And some bright lads came to me, fellows
who had been in other regiments but who had deserted and joined again with a
different name. ‘vlhen I first took this squad I had four or five to drill
but so easy-going was I that the next day I had 25. When the drill-Sargeant Major
came over and saw them he said "hello, what's the idea? you don‘t belong here"
pointing to one man "and nor you" to another man. "Corporal", he would say,
"be a bit more strict, smarten them up a bit". I would put them through
their paces while he was knocking about but as soon as he was out sf sight
I would say "stand at ease. stand easy". Then I used to have what was termed
3 Ride of Recruits in the morning in which again I was supposed to be too easy-
going. So I thought to myself "I shall not last very long as a Corporal".
Still I studied the Amy Drill Book and done the best I could. although all the
job was worth was being a lackey to the ssrgsants.

Vale moved from Aldershot to York. But we had not been there but a few weeks
when I was ordered for a Draft to go to South Africa to rejoin the Regiment
that was at the War. I was granted s short leave to London. When I told

my Isther and my aunt the route we should proceed for embarkation to South
Africa would be from Fenchurch Street Station to the Royal Albert Docks.

they agreed to come and see me off. I returned from leave to York and was
issued with my Active Service Kit, comprising Khaki uniform with s slouch
broad brimmed hat. We were to take lsnces. swords, rifles and bayonets and were
to travel dismounted. I recollect I set the fashion of having my hair cropped
very short including the fringe so we looked like convicts when we took our
hats off. I made the remark that "where we were going there was no girls to
see us so what did it matter how we looked". There was 80 of us going from
York, and we were plwed to the Railway Station by the 6th Dragoon Guards Band.
Crowds of people marched with us. I know some girl carried my title because in
the crush of the cheering crowd all sense of military marching formation was
broken up and we walked along sm-in-am. I thoroughly enjoyed the fun because
some civilians brought us a drink and cigarettes and the girls from Rowntrees
gave us chocolates. When we reached London at King's Cross Station we had

omnibuses waiting to take us to Fenchurch Street. That is where I let my Aunt

Eliza, we just had time to have a drink before my train went. I know I left