_ 6) ..
her crying her eyes out on the platform as the train steamed out of the
station for Woolwich. When I reached the docks my father rushed up to me.
He had been waiting there since 6 sun. and the time was 11 am. and we were
to sail at ‘12 noon on the 5.5. Orltsvn. But my father had not been idle for
he had found out some very vital points of information for our benefit.
We who had thought to travel without horses was told by my father that he had
seen and learned that the ship was full of horses, there was 600 horses for
us 80 cavalry men to look after. Some of my chums had their fathers and
relatives to see them off. So we made a party up and sent for some beer
which was brought to us on board the ship. The time passed so quickly when
the siren blew "Those for the shore", and I bade good-bye to my father. I
know he was much upset and so was I but being a soldier it would not have done
to show it. He stood waving to me with his hat all the time as we sailed

out of the docks on our way to the South African War.

Life on board the Orstsva was far more pleasant than what I expected.

We were give): good food and. allowed to purchase one bottle of stout a day.

This was considered a great concession. I learnt to smoke a pipe which was

to stand me in good stead eventually, because the exéellent plug-tobscco they
sold on board and that which I purchased at the Canary Islands where we stopped
to coal the ship, was so lasting and so cheap in comparison to cigarettes which
were very dear. Vile had plenty of work to do in attending to 600 horses. They
had to be watered and fed three times a day. then their legs had to be massaged
in lieu of exercise. And so we were employed all the day long. It says a
great deal for the manner we worked when I state we only had six horses die.
Then came the hauling job for the horses were below decks. So we lashed their
legs with a rope and dragged them to the hatchway. Then the derrick—crane

was lowered and they were hauled on deck to be pushed over the side of the ship.
A remarkable thing when this was done is that the dead horse did not sink
immediately but appeared to be swimming. The sharks would then make for him
and that would be the finish.

When we had done our days work the evenings were our leisure time, when
concerts or boxing-matches would be arranged. Other times we played cards

in which I gained the experience that in gambling there are no fine sentiments.
I had as e chum on board one chap named Bill Windsor, he was a middle-weight
boxer sad as I possessed 30/— I started to play banker at which I was winning.
He it seems had gone broke so I lent him some money. And his luck changed

so he was able to pay me back what I had lent him. He then suggested that

we 30 partners in taking the bank. And we were both winning pounds for it

was s big gambling school. I had never so many plden sovereigns in my

pocket before in my life. Then Windsor suggested we dissolve our partnership
and me take the bank on myself. I agreed and dealt out the cards which was