"éh-

heavily backed by the players. "52 on that card", said Windsor. I covered
his £2 As I had covered the other bets. "How much money have you left?"
asked Windsor. I had a count and told him. “Will you go the lot on that
card?" he asked. I said "yes". {or it would be showing the white feather it

I did not. But when I turned up the card that was left for me I had a deuce.
All their cards were high. But Windsor hsd the see. And I was stone—broke.
He had spotted the see for he had lurked the cards. But I never found this
out until some time afterwards. I recollect that I minded his money for him
until such time as he could interview the Purser on the Ship. as he was afraid.
of having his pockets cut out when he was asleep by someone who had no scruples
where money was concerned. He paid for my bottle of stout each day and was

generally free—hearted towards me.

We sighted Table Mountain and eventually anchored in Table Bay to go ashore

in Cape Town. Then arose the first obstacle. He were not pemitted to land
as the Bubsnic Plague was raging and thousands in the Native Quarter were dying
from it. So we were ordered to Port Elizabeth. When we reached that port
barges came alongside the ship and the horses were brought on deck and lowered
by the ship's crane in slings over the side into the hold of the barges.

One of our fellows took advantage of the confusion to husk into the lazarette
of the ship where cases of spirits was stored and helped himself so liberally
as to get drunk. Staggering on the deck he went over the side. I heard the
splash and gave the alarm pointing to what looked like an old rag. I shouted
"That's him!" but I did not make any impression on the others who were
convinced he had sunk like a stone. So the unfortunate fellow was drowned.

Vie went ashore and having formed up we were each issued with 150 rounds of ball
ammunition. This greatly increased the weight that we were already carrying.
He marched to the station to entrain for np-country. And I got my first
impression of the contempt the blacks were held in by the white people.

I saw a mere boy kick a black fellow because he was on the pavement. When

I enquired why he had done it he said "Kaffirs must walk in the reed“.

We got some rations of hsrd-biscnits end bully beef and got aboard. some railway
trucks that was loaded with requisites for the troops at the front. And then
we learned that we would be three days on the train, else that we were bound
for Krocnstad. What s desert of a country. Miles and miles of Veldt scorched
by the blistering sun. When we reached Kroonstsd we found that the 1st Dragoon
Guards were not there but a party of Details from the regiment. I also got