- 65 _

my first impressions of War. In a barricade of sand-begs a sentry was posted
with fixed bayonet keeping a keen lookrout across the Veldt for the enemy.
Other 5 were in support all amed to the teeth. I had seen a Drama at the
Pavillion Theatre in the Whitechspel Road where soldiers were on guard during
war time. And this was what came to my mind as this scene presented itself to
me at first. Then I saw the horse-lines with the horses picketed to the
ground rapes. Guarding the horses were fellows with rifles who were busily
employed with their shirts off in lousying themselves. I did not smile because
it quickly dawned on me that I should shortly be the same. I was made welcome
by the fellows who knew me and over our tea such as it was I retailed all the
latest news from England, all the latest songs, also told them of my Australian
Tour. This took some time. They in return wanted to know how long I had been
a Corporal and were of the opinion I should lose my stripes when we rejoined
the regiment. Just then a sergeant put his head in the tent and asked if
Corporal Casey was there. On seeing me he rapped out his orders —- "You will
take the black horse at the end of the lines tomorrow morning at ’d o'clock,
take rations for the day and form up at the end of the lines nearest to the
barricade. You are for reconnoitring patrol". The others chaps said

"Blimey Casey you are soon for it". The next morning in the dark I saddled
up and formed up with the rest. The Officer in charge knew me. He said
"Hello. Casey. how did you enjoy Australia?". I replied "very well".

He then adopted the Officer attitude. "Corporal you will take six men and go
as advance-patrol on the left flank". I told off six men on the left and
having galloped off in advance on the left flank, I called a halt. Taming
round to these fellows I said "look here boys, you have been out here longer
than me and know the position better. so if you see me making any mistakes
tell me. And don't mind the Cnrporale stripes ". They said. "that's alright
Dan, you'll be alright". So away we went again. Our job was not to get too
far away from the others who comprised the main body behind us and yet to be
as far in front as possible so when the direction was changed to the right

we had to gallop to keep to our right formation. keeping a keen look out all
the time. We had gone about 18 miles when I heard firing on the right.

Plip plop. Flip plop. And I recognised the sound of Mauser rifles. I then
saw our right flank patrol returning in a hurry. I heard the other Corporal
say as he saluted the Officer "Enemy in force behind a fsmhouse on the right.
Sir“. "Very good" said the Officer, then he turned to me "Corporal. you go
back, give Captain Mitchell my compliments and tell him we are in touch with
the enemy". So having given the Officer a salute I turned my horse round and
gallaped back to where I imagined I would find the main both] of this
reconnoitring patral which comprised detachments from 3rd Dragoon Guards,