—66-

7th Dragoon Guards and my own regiment, the 1st Kings Dragoon Guards.

Now the veldt in South Africa is a series of aky—lines. no sheltering woods,
here and there are kopjes, which are hills or small mountains of rooks.

And so as I went along of course I was riding in a hollow and therefore

muld not expect to come in sight of. the troops I had been sent for until I
reached an elevated position. I recollect I was rather concerned if I was
riding in the right direction but to my great relief on topping the rise I
saw them approaching on my right. I rode to meet them and then noticed that
at the head of the column riding on a shaggy Boer pony and strictly guarded
was a Boer who for the sake of a reward was guiding our soldiers to where his
Compatriots were assembled. It meant for him this: if he led us into an
ambush he would be shot dead by the guards riding by his side who had special
orders to do so. And on the other hand if he was caught by hiw own people
death was also assured to him. I gave my message to the Officer commanding
who turning round to his troops gave the command "Squadron - trot".

I fell in behind with the 7th Dragoon Guards contingent. My poor old horse
was about done up with all the galloping he had been doing since we started
at daybreak and I was feeling the heat of the sun intensely myself. To make
matters worse I had not a drink of water in my water-hottle. So riding along
I asked for a drink of water. A Corporal gave me a swig of water out of
hisbottle telling me that I should always be careful where water was concerned
as it was the most valuable of all the provender we carried. Yes, I was to
learn that water is one of the most Valuable things to a soldier on service.

more especially when the climate was like it is in South Africa.

As soon as we neared the point where I had left my party the Officer gave the
command "Dismounted action", when as quick as lightning all excepting the man
who was number 3 of each section of 1+, dismounted and ran with their rfles

to take a lying down position behind such cover as they could find. The men
with the horses withdrew out of rifle range. I then observed my party away

on the right in an isolated position with the Boers closing in around them in
horse-shoe fashion. And in my ignorance I was still mounted not having obeyed
the order to dismount, so considering that I did not belong to the troops I
was with but had only been sent to give them my Officer‘s message. I started
to ride across to rejoin them. All this time both sides were exchanging a hot
rifle fire, the bullets were flying about like hail stones. "Where is that
damn men going to?“ yelled the Commander. I replied that I was going to
rejoin my detachment. Then he yelled out "Go and tell that fool of an Officer
to come in. He is being surrounded". I must have been a bit flusteted because
he also sent another soldier of the 3rd Dragoon Guards. "Gallop Gallop you
damn idiots" the Officer shouted. 50 away we went. I can recollect that ride