_ 67 _
vividly. For about a mile our course was straight. the enemy were on the

rise immediately in front of us. The party we were sent out to tell to come

in were on a knoll of rocks on the right and to reach them we should have to
gain the shelter of these same rocks by turning sharp to the right at the end
nf this course. As we galloped side by side we were a target for the rifle~fire
of the Boers lining the ridge. The bullets spat up the ground like hail—stonee.
But we were not hit and managed to reach my party. The Officer 2nd Lieutenant
Grewing was calmly smoking a cigar and directing the fire of his small patrol.
"Captain Mitchell's compliments Sir" I said smartly. giving a salute. "and
will you please retire as you are being surrounded". "Very good Corporal"

he replied "get mounted med‘. I had some mis-conceived idea that I was to

join the rear guard. In any case my horse was too distressed to do the return
gallop. So this chap of the 3rd Dragoon Guards and myself led our horses out
of range of the firing to the top of a Kopje where we obtained a good view of
the fight. He saw our troops in full retreat being pursued by the Boers on
their stockly little Boer ponies. A remarkable trait of these ponies was that
as soon as their riders dismounted to fire on our troops they stood stock still
and. seemed to take no alarm at the noise of the firing. We saw a very amusing
eight. One of our troops had his horse shot dead from under him and one of

his comrades stopped to give him a lift on his own horse. A feet that had it been
noticed and reported would have deserved the Victoria. Cross. But the horse

had other ideas. For he refused to carry the double load and started bucking.
He bucked them both off and they were easily captured by the pursuing Boers.

My companion was nervous and kept saying to me “come on, mate, we shall be wiped
up". So yielding to his waming we both mounted our horses and at a walking
pace went on in a direction that we imagined would lead us to where our troops
were. ‘vle had been riding for a couple of hours across the Veldt when a good
distance away on the right I observed a body of horsemen. It was then late in
the afternoon, the sun was sinking in the west end it was a strange experience
to me. I had gleaned all the particulars as regards my companion who was a
total stranger to me. I was told his name was Brown, he lived in London in
Camberwell. he was 22 years of age and had ‘+ years service in the Amy. I

bld him my name and all about my tour in Australia. Then breaking off suddenly
I said "Look, those are our people right over there across the Veldt".

"Are you sure mate?". he said. “Of course they are". I said, "come on".

So putting spurs to our mounts we rode across the Veldt shouting and me waving
my hat to attract the attention of this body of horseman who were riding to
meet us. But what was my dismay to find I had been beckoning to the enemy.
They were Boers. They came with a rush -"hands up. hands upl" they shouted
firing from the saddle as they approached. Our horses were done up, too done

up for us to contemplate a gallop away from them. So we held our hands up

over our heads and were qzickly surrounded by this Commando. I know one fellow