.. 68 _
actually shoved the muzzle of his rifle in my face. "Get down". said the
one in command, then pointing his finger in a direction he said "Run".
50 panting and scared we both ran. Now I had heard this was a favourite
pastime of the Boers when they took prisoners, to get them to run and then to
fire on them and shoot them in the back. So when I heard a shout to come back
I was surprised. We both went back and were told to get up on our horses which
they had linked together with a rope. ’l‘hey searched us and took everything of
value we had including my pipe and my plug tobacco. I had on a new slouch hat
which one fellow took a fancy to replacing it on my head with a dirty greasy
hat like a cabbage leaf. Another one fancied my new tunic and spurs, replacing
it with a ragged jacket, so by the time they had finished I looked like e
scare-crow. We rode along in their midst across the Veldt. And I recall
thinking that if they intended to shoot me that I would not plead for mercy
but would bare my breast to receive the bullets. "They want see me flinch"
I said to myself. Going along I saw a fluttering of a men's hand on the
Veldt that was strewn here and there with casualties of both sides.
I turned to one of my guards and in sign language asked if it was one of our
wounded or one of theirs. Shading his eyes with his hand he acquainted me
with the news that it was one of our troops laying out there. I asked if
I could not go out and succour him. After some talk with the others in the
Dutch language he agreed to take me to where this chap was laying. I was
surprised to find it was the Corporal of the 7th Dragoon Guards who had given
me a drink of water earlier in the day. He had been shot through both thighs
just below the hip. As I bent over him he numered "don't shoot me".
I said "I aint going to shoot you". "Why", he said, "you are Englishmhat
are you doing with this mob'2". I suppose my disreputable hat and. garb had
led him to suppose I was a renegade Englishman. I explained I was the chap
he had given the water to that morning and I was a prisoner. "For Gods sake
give me a drink of water " he gasped. I turned to my caytors and asked them
to get him some water. One of them loped off on his pony and returned with a
rusty old kettle full of water which the wounded man drank ravenously. I
ret n'eved from the Boer who had my tunic my field dressing comprising bandages,
lint etc., that every soldier carries on Active Service and having also borrowed
my own jack knife off another fellow, I set about cutting the wounded mans riding
pants off so as I could dress his wounds and stem the flow of blood. I had
never dressed a wound before. but trusting to Providence and. being as Settle as
I could I set about the task and in pulling away the pants the bullet dropped
in my hands. It was a clean hole in both legs, so being careful not to touch
it with my bare hands I bathed it and dressed it tightly receiving the grateful
thanks of the poor fellow.