- 69 _
Suddenly there was some excitement among the Boers, they all sprang into
their saddles and sat stiffly to attention. I then noticed a very large
number of horsemen approaching led by a man in a neat blue serge suit.
"What have we got here", he said in excellent English. They told him and
then I observed that amongst this crowd were some more of our troops that
had been captured and made prisoners. I next discovered that the man in the
blue suit was Commandant Salute, the great man who is new General Smuts.
Coming over to me he said "you have made a good job of that", pointing to my
bandaging on the wounded man. "You are a Corporal, are you not?" he asked.
I told him I was and had only been in the Country but a few days. "That's
hard luck" he said, with a smile "how much artillery had you with you this
morning?" I told him we had no artillery as we were but a reconnoitring
patrol. He called me a Liar. "Alright", I said, "don't believe me“,
and gave a shrug with my shoulders. This seemed to please him. the manner
in which I answered him back for calling me to him he said, "Look here, we
cannot treat you as well as the English treat our people when they take them
prisoners because we have not got it to do so. But there is a ruined farmhouse
over there" (pointing with his whip across the Veldt) "take your wounded over
there and I will helio in to your people to send out an Ambulance under
the White Flag". I saluted and thanked him, so borrowing one of my captured
blankets we carried the wounded to this farm building that had no roof and had
evidently suffered from artillery fire at some previous date. This Smute
noticed I was minus my tunic and made the fellow who took it give it to me
back. 5130 my hat and then when I mentioned about my pipe and tobacco he
flew into such a temper with the one who had taken them so I got them back.
Also he gave me a canvas bag full of Beer tobacco. This is more like herbs
and is tobacco in its raw state. Then a Field—Cornet that is equivalent to
.21 Officer came to me with a large joint of mutton and told me I could make a
fire and cook it but I must put the fire out when it got dark as they did
not wish their position to be discovered by the British Soldiers. There was
about 20 of us taken prisoners. some had been wounded slightly and after seeing
to their wounds we each recounted our own experience as to how we came to be
"wiped up". And I caused the biggest laugh of all when I described how I had
waved my hat and beckoned to the Boers who I had mistaken for our own people.
Around this farmhouse were a number of fowls. A proper poultry farm. And we
cast longing eyes on them and thought they would go alright with the piece of
mutton we had been given. So grabbing a blanket we succeeded in capturing three
without any noise and carefully we plucked them and destroyed all traces of
the feathers, cut them up and put them in the pot the Boers had given us to
cook the meat in. We had just got everything cleared away when the Field-Cornet