-7-

Treacle. It had been working me and this evening when I was compelled to
stop in school I wnnted to go to the lnvetory. When I put my hand up
above my head to ask to leave the room I wee refused and the agony of
mind I went through in holding myself in I can quite recall. At any
rate I had done it in my trousers before I got home. and went crying
to my Grandmother to tell her all about it. She cleaned me and gave me
fresh thing: to put on and what she called the Sister when my father
came home quite upset him for he was a very strict Catholic. At any
rate I conceived the idea of playing trunnt from school next morning
And although I started off As if I was going to school every morning
with my parcel of food under my arm. I never went near it for months
and months. I was a truant end never got discovered. Where I used
to travel in those days: I got in with some our men who were glad to
take a bay with them and sometimes they would take me into the Coffee
Shop: with them and give me A big mug of strong hot tea. Then at
night time I had the run of the streets until father came home which
was generally late. And I got in with some choice urchins. I expect
I was as had. I HIS initiated and became a member of a gang - it was
called the Maplin Street Gang. There was always a kind of "wet" with
boys who belonged to other Street Gangs. Perhnpe we would be playing
in the street when the "alarm" would be given that the Edward Street
Guns was "advancing" on us. Then we would rally all our boys and give
"Battle". This consisted of throwing stones at each other or chasing
them with broken broom handles. There generally used to be cut heads
or broken windows until e Policemen arrived when we would all vanish.
We were a nice lot of boys. I think "Monkeys" the women used to call
us end they had occasions for doing so. One 01' our tricks was to buy
a bundle of firewood, tie a long piece of twine to it, 15: it down on
the pavement and then lie in wait for some women to come Along and
pick it up. Then just as she had it wrapped in her apron to give n
tug on the string and yell like Wild Indiana. The curses we used to
get: There was A General Shop kept by two old ladies which was
genenlly occupied by women gossiping. On the counter were kept
cheeses, red round Ditch cheese. On a pretence of going in to buy
something one of the Gang would so in and stick :1 nail in one of the
cheeses to which a long piece of twine wne nttnched, end at a given
signal one of ue outside would pull. Bang would go the cheese on
the floor and go by what would appear to be invieihle hands out of
the shop. Then we would yell and get chased and for a couple of
hours a Policeman would stand sentry outside the shop. As soon as

he was gone back we would come to crente further mischief. Some were