_ 7o _
rode over to us for they had put no guards over us. "That smells alright"

he said in broken English pointing to the pot that was boiling on the fire

we had made with broken timber. We all of us got scared he might discover

we had slaughtered the fewle or he might want to taste the meat. But simply
telling me to put the fire out he rode away again. I was told by my companions
in misfortune that the Boers had very strict ideas about honesty. This led

me to speak of how I had my pipe restored to me by my captors. "Yes". they
said, "the Boers only believe in confiscating Government property and any

money or private possessions was always returned to their prisoners".

The job now was to distribute the contents of the pot. We found an old tin

can that had to do for us all. It was a tasteless meal for we had no salt,
biscuit or bread to eat with it. But we were hungry and after giving the wounded
their turn first we finished the remainder. Then without a blanket or a cloak
we did our best to try and get some sleep. But the chill of the African night
set me shivering so I got up and walked about till daybreak. The Commandant
Smuts kept his promise to signal in to the British lines for an ambulance for
presently we observed a mule-driven covered wagon with a large red cross on a
white sheet approaching. A party of Beers rode out to meet it. And presently
we had the satisfaction of seeing our poor chaps wounds cleaned and dressed

and comfortable on the stretchers. We were all allowed to depart with the wagon
as the Boers had no facilities to keep prisoners. So minus our horses, saddles.
arms and accoutriments we struggled on across the Veldt with the sun blazing
down on us. All day it took us to reach our lines and at sunset properly dead
beat through my long trek I was received in my own camp by my chums. They had
just finished their evening meal but got me a pannikin of tea and some food.

I then learned that I had been reported killed. It appears someone was supposed
to have seen me fall as they retreated. then I was wanted by the Captain and I
naturally thought I was going to get into trouble for losing my horse, saddle,
arms and equipment. But to my surprise he shook hands with me and told me he
was pleased to find me alive and well. I began to think some exaggerated
account of myself had been reported, but deemed it wise to say nothing. A

few days later I was sent to bring some remounts from rail—head and I soon

was issued with another rifle and bayonet.

Some weeks later I was drafted to where my regiment was. It was the first

time I had seen them since I left to go to Australia. My old squadron sergeant-
major when he saw me said "Hello, Casey, so you have got here alright. I hear
you have been captured. I think Brockwell wants to see you". he said with a
twinkle in his eye. "At anyrate I am not going to separate you two. ‘vle can do

with a laugh out here". So presently I found myself face to face with the bold

Dick Brockwell, who was already primed to the fact that I had arrived ,