_ 71 _
Smelling the prospects of a joke. a good number made an excuse to be present
when we met. "Hello Dick", I said, holding out my hand. He looked at me
then said "Come along of me", and took me straight into a tent where all

the N.C.0's of the Squadron were. "Here he in Sergeant—Hajor", end then

in mook—terror holding both hands above his head he said "Don‘t shoot me Sir,
I have a wife and child. Take my horse and rifle but don't shoot". This
was a burlesque of my capture and tickled the fancy of the troops. But the
next day I had my own back because being sent into Harrissmith to make a
large purchase of groceries and cigarettes, most of the money being provided
by the troops, on his way back with the goods and in full view of the camp,
he was held up by two Boers and lost the whole issue.

Ve were continuously on the move. The rear guard always provided the Outposts
at night and were not relieved until the next W- We all of us got very little
sleep. I had an incident occur to myself. He had had a very tiring day
fighting A reer-guard action, because what the Boers would do more often then
usual would be to let the main body of our troops pass through a gorge and then
strive to out off the rear—guard who were generally a good distance behind.

on this particular day Brockwell and myself were riding side by side when we
awoke to the fact that we were crossing a field of potatoes. "Look, Dan",

said Brocky'“Spuds". And very quickly we dismounted and was digging up
potatoes unaware of a party of Boers creeping down towards us. The rest of
our rear-guard had gone on but one chap looking back saw our danger and gave
the alum. There was Dick with his arms full of spuds, so quickly bringing

my rifle u}: to my shoulder I started a little war of my own to enable Dick

to get mounted. But when it came for me to get on my horse I was in a
predicament for the horse started to go round and round and I could not get my
foot in the stirrup-iron. When I eventually did get settled on his back I
dropped my cavalry cloak in the pockets of which I had my pipe and about seven
makes of plug tobacco. The Boers were getting closer to me firing all the
time. I don't know what poaessed me to do it, but at the thoughts of being
done out of a smoke, back I went, dismounted and picked up my cloak and putting
spurs to my horse soon rejoined my party who had halted and were busy firing

at my pureuer-s. "Casey, you're mad", said Brocky. And I think he wee not

fer wrong .

That night as our column went into bivouac I was told I was for Out—Post Duty.
I had five men and myself to keep sentry at an advanced point. I elected
myself to take the worst relief. that was the 3rd relief which would place

me on sentry from 12 midnight till 2 am. I made arrangements that they

should do one hour watching for the enemy and one hour on the horses.