- 72 _
Anyone who knows anything about ‘vlar will know what a responsible task this
is, {or if the enemy can get past the Out-post without an alarm being given,
the sleeping camp is at their Mercy. (A case actually did occur during the
South African War of a Yeomanry regiment who were posted on an Out-post
Duty, who because it was Christms—time by some means or other obtained some
whisky on which they got drunk. ChristiaanDe Vet who had a Boer guide employed
by the British saw to it that this guide should supply the Yeomanry with
the whisky. So having dug a trench in which to keep guard in they partook
of the whisky end were soon fast asleep. We received the news and by forced
marches we reached the scene too late. The outpost lay in their trench with
their throats cut. Asthe troops had awoke from their sleep they had been shot
dead. Officers taken unawares were also killed. But the crowning horror was
to find that the Kaffir boys who drove the oxen wagons containing the forage
etc. had been thrown on the flaming wagons which had been sent fire to, and
burnt alive. All the horses and oxen had been shot dead. It was a Massacre).
But I must describe my own out—post job. We had, as I previously stated, a very
tiring day. so having posted the first relief in a lying down position so as
not to he observed by the enemy. I, to keep myself awake. cut myself a chew
of tobacco. I had learnt this very bad habit on my tour of Australia.
After a while I thought I would have a look at the horses to see if they
were alright. I approached very quietly in the dark and gave a signal.
A very old soldier, none other than the big Irishman of my Colchester days
Masher Tidd was on sentry over the horses. having done his first hour look—out
from the observation point. "Where's Perkins" I enquired. "Shure an‘ he‘s
out there" replied Masher Tidd. So very quietly I approached the other sentry
giving him the signal. I got closer to him by crawling on my hands and knees
and called to him again but got no answer. And to my horror and rage he was
fast asleep. I took away his rifle and went back and fetched the others.
Then rage and responsibility got the upper hand of me. I kicked him, I punched
him, I felt like bashing his brains out. It upset my nerves properly.

About midnight I took my turn with all my senses keyed up to a pitch. I had
not been on half—an—hour when I heard a rustle in front of me and to my

surprise a Kaftir rose to his feet right in front of me. I quickly covered

him with my rifle and his hands went up promptly. In searching him I recognised
he was one of our Black Scouts. In his broken language I understood the one
word "Boers" and as he pointed backwards I inferred the enemy were approaching
thinking to surprise us in the dark. I passed him through and got my five

men together with loaded magazines and one up the barrel of the rifle. Masher
Tidd began to grouse "what's the use of six of us?", he said, ”we shall all

get slaughtered. That's what comes of making a bit of a boy a Lance—Corporal".