_ 73 ..
I said. "look here, Masher, I am in charge here, if there is anything
wrong you report to the Squadron Leader in the lorning. At the moment
you do as I order". Very shortly. by placing my ear to the ground, I could
hear hoof beats which were coming in a gallop in out direction. Then I
heard the Dutch language. "Get ready". I warned. Then at the top of my
voice I yelled "Halt - Who Comes There". I heard again some talk in Dutch.
"Fire" I yelled and a volley went tearing into them. Then I heard "We are
friends. Don't shoot". So dashing out I siezed hold of one of the leader‘s
bridles. He said "We are Scouts for the English. producing his papers which
I grabbed. And so they were. We had not killed any one of them but they had
received some bad gun shot wounds. The firing had alarmed the camp and very
quick our supports came up, who took these Dutchman in with them to have their
wounds seen to. Now Masher Tidd was in his glory. "What did I tell you”,
he said, "A bit of a boy for a Corporal. what can you expect". I made no
reply but at day-break when we were relievedI made my way to the Officers Wagon
and asked to see my Captain. To him I reported the blunder I had made. To my
surprise he said "Don't let that worry you. They had. no right to approach your
post at night and they are used to being fired upon". It was on the tip of
my tongue to tell him of my other trouble of the night as Tidd had fair upset
me with his sneers. Then I remembered the penalty for being asleep on
Seotry-Go was death. So I kept silent on all other matters.

Now on the following day while we were having our evening meal Dick Brockwell
began to give me some queer looks. I said. "What's biting you, Dick?".

At last he said "what happened the other night on 0ntpoat?". I described
about the Dutchmen. He said. "I don‘t mean that". Then he said, "did you
have someone go to sleep on sentry7". I was dead surprised and nervous too
for I had not reported the matter. "Are you aware". said Dick, "we could all
have been murdered in our sleep. What did you do to him". I told him

that I had hit him. He said "you ought to have kicked him". But he made it
his business to stop tongues wagging too freely. As for Perkins, he was a
bundle of nerves for days after.

For some weeks we went trekking across the Veldt of the Orange Free State

into the Transvaal. He worked in conjunction with other columns of troops.
For it was Guerilla Warfare and owing to the nature of the country and the
mobile movements of the Boers who wearing no unifoms and scattering in
different directions when it suited their requirements, sorely puzzled our
Commanders. So a system of drives was the order of the day. ‘vle would ride
across the Veldt in open order spread out so that from right to left our
frontage covered a mile. Erther off on our left and right other British columns