.. 71+ _
were doing the same tactics. Our artillery was kept as close to the main
or centre body As far as circumstances would permit. It used to be a struggle
sometimes to get these guns across a drirt or when fording e stream every
pound- of strength from horses and men was required to prevent them from
getting stuck Then if a {emhouse appeared in our front three of us would
gallop up to it in e zig zag fashion and while one man held the horses the
other two would search it for Boots who night he in hiding. Every Hale Beer
including boys were in the field on Commando. end. it was generally only
women in these farmhouses but we know that u soon as our Column had passed
on the men-folk would return at night to their ferns. We got a hurried
order once for a forced Night March, this meant no sleep and the previous
night I had been again on Outpost. Riding through the night heads were
nodding and men were all but falling out of the saddle for want of sleep.
We eventually arrived at our objective, 3 big rock celled Kaffir Kcyje.
The Colonel was cursing the Officers - "wake those men up, will no-one wake
those men up?". I know we were all put into position to spring a surprise
at daybreak. Where I was ylaced was right on top and there was a small cave
into which I got. And then tired out and dead beat I slept, for how long I
do not know but it must have been days. When I awoke I was alone on the
kopje. Lonking down from my very high position I saw my regiment had camped
on the Veldt a mile or so away. Now I still had on my heavy cavalry cloak
and as I approached our lines curious glances were given me. "Where have
you been and what are you doing with your cloak on?". I then realized
the heat so I took it off. I said "I have been up there". pointing to
Kaffir Kopje. It then transpired that the regiment had been in action and
I had missed it all. Of course it was soon discovered that I had been asleep,
but the best part of it was I had not been missed. Some were prepared to
say they had seen me come down with the rest. But I was properly fed up and
told them that I had been asleep alright. This meant I would have to see
my Officer. He gave me a severe lecture and told me to give up my Corporal‘s

stripe. This I was only too pleased to do.

We next had to go to the Bracken haste Disaster which as I have previously
explained was caused through the Yeomanry obtaining what must have been
drugged whisky from the treacherous Boer Guide. 'vle had A famous General
present with us and to see him laying flat on his stomach to peer over the
cliff by which the Boers had approached and attacked the camp was a sight.
All of us were deeply moved by the horror we saw and many a vengeful oath
was uttered by the troops. In attacking a farmhouse the next dw from which
a party of Boers had fired on us and fled, one of them, a smart young fellow|

was captured. All the women were ordered out and the farm was set fire to

This chap made one bound on to his pony's hack and away he galloped but up