_ 75 _
came the rifles and he fell simply riddled with bullets. The screams and
lamenting of the women were awful to hear. And I thought what a terrible
wicked thingis war.

I was soon after told off to go on Block House Duty. This was a new one on
me. The Engineers brought up some circular galvanised sheets which when
fitted together left a space of three feet into which we emptied sand

and rocks. We had small port holes and the whole thing was impregnable

to rifle fire. A chain of these were built at half a mile intervals
across the Veldt and a barbed wire entanglement reached between each

Block House, then a trench was dug midway between the two houses in which
three men had to spend the night on sentry. What a weird job that was.

I was on sentry with my two comrades lying at the foot of the trench trying
to snatch a little sleep when I imagined I saw forms approaching. To

fire would be to alarm everybody and we had strict orders to make sure.

But I was sure I heard hoof beats. So taking careful aim at the shadow I
fired and knew by the sound of the bullet I had hit something. But what

a nervous chap I was when day dawned to find I had shot a horse that had
got loose and belonged to one of the Officers. The fuss there was over it
but my two chums kept their mouths shut, so the shooting of the horse remained

a mystery .

Although in B. Squadron we were rather on the fortunate side as regards the
quality of our Officers, some in other Squadrons were not so lucky. In C.
Squadron they had a major who was a tyrant. He had gained some fame previous
t o the war as an explorer in Africa. There is no doubt he was a courageous
man and did not know the meaning of fear. Yet nevertheless he was a tyrant
as far as his men were concerned. In leading a night attack he was killed
and what was strange he was shot in the back. Everbody knowing his dashing
bravery could not understand this. but in digging the hole to bury him in

ine of his man called out to another "Bill bring some of the biggest rocks
you can find" (this was a practice done to prevent wild beasts digging up the
body). "What for?" shouted beck Bill. "50 as he can't get up again". The
Colonel was passing and heard these words I also had to go ferward but I
recollect hearing the word "lurder" uttered by the Colonel and a threat to
the men to hold an enquiry. But the bullets were coming at us from all
directions and I never heard any more auspicious comments that he might

have been done in by his own men.