—76—

If Army discipline was strict in pesoe-time in the barracks st home it was
far more stricter on Active Service where severity was the order of the day.
I witnessed a very sad case of a tyrannical Sergeant and a very unfortunate
trooper. The men's name was Fletcher. He was a Royal Reservist. That meant
he was an Old Soldier who had re-enlisted for the vex- for the sake of the
9.21.0.0. Bounty the Government wss offering at the tme‘es an inducement for
all old Soldiers to rejoin the Colours. This man had been out on Observation
Post all day and on being relieved st sunsent he naturally came into camp
rsvenously hungry. He was preparing a meal over the camp fire when s Sergeant
came up and being the first man in sight the Sergeant ordered him to go on
wood-fatiguee. Fletcher said. "Sargesnt I've only just come into camp and
I've been on Outpost Duty all day". The Sergeant said, "obey my order".
"Yes“, said Fletcher, "when I've had something to est first". He was
arrested and subsequently tried by Court Martial and received 5 years Pens].
Servitude for Eesitating to Obey an Order. Such incidents made the men
revengeful end I recall cases where troop sergeants riding in front of

their men in troop tamation. the instant they got into touch with the

enemy where bnllets was being exchanged. have looked back over their
shoulder and the expression they have seen in their own mene' eyes has
caused them to ride in the rear. The inference being they were afraid that

they might get one in the back.

One day I saw one of out Kaffir wagon drivers arrested. He had been brought
in by one of our Outpost. The charge against him was pinching ammunition

off of us and taking it out to the Boers. The Captain ordered he was to
receive 50 lashes with s sjembok. This is a whip consisting of one piece

of rhinocerous hide. Properly applied a man can he cut to pieces with this
whip. The nigger was a strapping his fellow about 30 years of age. He

was strapped to a wagon wheel stripped naked. All the other stfirs were
compelled to attend and witness his punishment. Our big Irishman "Masher"
Tidd was ordered to do the whipping and he started with a great deal of
flourish whipping this poor black, and as the blows were struck an Officer
would count one, two, three. four, five. But to our surprise the nigger

was laughing, he was absolutely laughing. Because Masher with all his bigness
and ﬂourish had been co-erced. had been forced to do this very unpleasant
job, and they had forgotten the age-long tradition that an Irishman can be
coaxed but never drove to do a job. So the consequence was that "Masher" Tidd
was simply making a pretence of whipping the Kaffir and all would have gone
well if the nigger had not laughed. Some renegade Boer who was an onlooker

went and spoke to the Officer and volunteered to do the whipping, so the