_ 77 _

lash was taken away from 'Hasher' and given to him. The poor niggar'e face
soon changed colour. it seemed to me to go green with fear. Every stroke
that Boer used with that sjambok took a strip of ﬂesh clean out of the
Kaffir'a back. It made me sick. I had never seen such a brutal sight in all
my life. When they were finished with the unconscious nigger they rubbed
salt into his bleeding back and he was carried away by his fellow blacks.

I went up and shook old Masher by the hand for his leniency. He said,

Be Jabers the murthering villains. Why did I ever join the Egglish Army to
whip a poor heathen". And the way he went up to the renegade Boer I thought
there would be trouble. But I also knew the trouble would be for Masher

end not for the Boer, so I coaxed him away. And with all his grousing now
that I had lost my Corporal's stripe he took to me as a comrade and we were the

best of friends .

One thing of importance was the care of our horses because if one lost his
horse he had to walk. I had the experience of having to shoot my own horse.
While on the march across the Veldt one day my horse put its foot in a hole
and snapped its fetlock. I pulled my rifle from its bucket and placing the
muzzle behind the ear blew out its brains. I then had to carry my saddle

and belongings to where the oxen-drawn wagons would be coming along at a
snails pace. These wagons were drawn by 16 oxen with e Kaftir as a driver.
The whip that he carried had a very long handle and a thong that was yards in
length. The Kaffir drivers are the only people I have seen who could use

this long whip skilfully. Sc skilful are they that they could knock a fly off
the leading hullock's back. Every one of the team of oxen apparently had a
name because when the Katrir would shout at one it would put a spurt on or
else the long whip would come into play. On this day I sat on w saddle and
equipment awaiting the approach of this column of wagons. I was all alone on
the Veldt as after giving me my instructions what to do my troop had gone on.
I could see a cloud of dust far away in the distance and knew that it was our
wagon column approaching. I then gazed across to where the dead horse lay
and I regretted the loss of an animal that had carried me many miles. Then
what appeared to be a speck in the sky materialized into a vulture and in
quick succession came others and I had the sickening sensation of watching my
dead horse being devoured by these repulsive birds of prey and. also of knowing
that had I been helpless they would have eaten me up. The wagons approached
and having deposited my belongings on one I walked alongside because no—one
was permitted to ride on these wagons. That night in camp around the camp-fire

my pals held a conference at which it was decided that I was to steal a horse.