-78-

Three or four decided to assist me in this enterprise. Not far away the
Australian Bushman were camped who had plenty of good horses. Our plan was
that one of us should get into conversation with the sentry over the horses,
while the others in the dark cut the head-ropes of several horses so that

they would get loose. Then under pretence of us helping the sentry to catch
the loose horses I was to Iount one and bring it back to camp, where our
troop—sergeant would be waiting with horee—clippers to disguise the horse.

We approached the Buehmene' horse lines. ”Halt - who goes there?" came

he challenge. "Friends" we shouted. "Advance one and give the counter—sign".
This I did. I must explain that this counter-eign was changed each night and
m this night it was "Buller". We got into conversation with the sentry telling
him we belonged to the Dragoons and then one said "Look mate you've got some
horses loose". "Give us a hand to catch them", said the Bushman. And of
course that's what we were waiting for him to ask us to do. In the course

of catching and tying up the horses I jumped up on ones beck, dug my spurs into
its sides and at a flying gallop soon reached our horse lines, where my own
pals were ready to disguise the horse. Ve marched early next morning and I
was congratulating myself on what a splendid horse I had pinched. But my

joy was too short lived for that day a Bushman came up to our lines when we
were all grooming our horses. I ducked my heed down as he approached me

and stood gazing at the horse I was grooming. "What do you want old man?"

our troop sergeant asked him. "I want my horse", said the Bushman pointing

at the horse that I was grooming and. which we all thought had been disguised
beyond all recognition. "That's not your horse", said the sergeant. "Yes, it
is" said the Bushman "end I am not going away until I get it". Seeing something
was amiss up came our Squadron Leader, the Right Honourable Captain Eastwood
who wore a monocle screwed in his left eye. "What's all this bother7“. he
asked. The Australian Bushman again declared that I had his horse. ”Not a
bit of it". said our Captain, "that horse came with my last lot of remounts
from Standeston in the Transvaal". "I don‘t care what you say and I don't
care how careful the horse has been disguised - that's my horse and I want it"
shouted the Bushman now he was properly roused. “How can you prove it is m
horse'2", asked the Captain. "Because it has lost the lower t_uﬂ in its jaw"
said the Bushman. And sure enough, so it had. The Captain clapped the man
on the back and said "Take it my men - a men who studies his horse as you have
done does not deserve to lose it". After the man had led the hcrse away I

was called up before the Captain who asked me how I came by the horse. Fully
expecting to be severely punished I nevertheless determined to tell the truth,
not mentioning the assistance I had received. 50 I told him I was compelled

to shoot my own horse and that I had heard the Australians had plenty of horses