-79-

so was detemined to steal one. I described how I cut the head ropes and
galloped off with the horse that had just been restored to its proper owner.
To my surprise he fairly chuckled with glee. “That was very hard luck Casey",
he said, "but we have some fresh horses coming to us tomorrow so you will be
alright". When these horses did arrive I was alloted a splendid dark bay
gelding about 17 hands high and I soon got used to its antics after a little
try-out on the Veldt.

Now the troop sergeant had picked a very light grey mare and was quite proud

of it showing off its paces. One day another sergeant said to him “Yes that
horse is alright but have you ever thought how conspicuous it will be to the
Boers in a night attack?". (I never knew about this until later). The sergeant
began to complain about the grey mare kicking out when he was leading the troop
and he made me change horses with him. Some time afterwards on a night march

I was number four of a section which meant I was outside man on the right.

When the Boers attacked our flank, I felt the horse tremble then it stumbled
and fell dead. I of course was knocked out. I then developed a fever and
found myself in the Red Cross Ambulance Train travelling down the line to

Cape Colony. The Hospital was at Norvele Point where I was cleanled and had
clean clothes and put to bed. I complained of pains in the back and to my

surprise I was to be sent home to England.

After some weeks the train arrived to take us who were ordered home to Wynberg,
a few miles from Gaye Town. This was a lovely hospital, some of the young
nurses were ladies of the English Aristocracy. all titled people. I saw
Rudyard Kipling there, he came and recited and sang to us patients in the
hospital. I also saw some extreme cases of "lead—swinging". I saw soldiers

in their efforts to get home get the points of their handkerchiefs and jab it
into their eyes so as to damage their sight. The rumour got around that
General Kitchener was inspecting the patients as they proceeded to the Hospital
Ship in Table Bay. I know I was nervous that I should be stopped and sent

back to the Front. But I was put on board ship and in a lovely low swinging
cot facing the open porthole heard the ship's engines working and saw with a
sigh of relief Table Mountain receding from view, and knew South Africa was
being left behind me. I said a prayer that never more should I see its shores
again. England was what I desired to see with what a longing and yearning only
those who have left England's shares and been on foreign service to far and
distant countries understand. I was waited upon by lovely nurses who were so
careful and tender to us all. They need to shut their eyes to a lot of things
that was not permitted such as smoking. It is the rule on all ships at sea that
no smoking is allowed below deck. So we took a chance of getting into trouble