-3-

thieves in reality and I don't know how I escaped being locked up.

Then one night my father hsd a paper brought for him to the door by a

boy who went to Bow School. This newspaper had an article that my

father wanted to read and had borrowed. My Grmdnother asked the boy

why he never gave me the paper to bring from school and so save himself

a journey. He replied by telling her that I had not been to school for
three or four months. She called me indoors and said "Have you been to
school today?". I said "Yes, Grahams". She said "You little liar,

wait till your father comes home and you deserve all you are going to
get". To my great surprise my father did not hit me. But gsve
instructions that my Grandfather was to take me to the school next
morning and let them deal with me. To see the manner my Grandfather

took me to school one would think I wss being taken to the Lock Up.

He had a firm grip on my collar with his left hand and his blackthom
walking stick in his right hand. As s matter of feet his manner caused
people to ask "What's he done Mister?". When he got me to the school

he told the Reverend Mather all about me. She thanked him very sweetly
and bade him Gaod Morning. When he had gone she turned to me with such
a look on her {Ice that I knew I would get no mercy from her. She

lashed me :11 over until her arm got tired then shut me up in the
cloakroom with the promise I was to have some more later on. After I

had finished sobbing I discovered a skylight that by me climbing I could
get through. This I did and was soon outside the school walls. When I
showed my cuts and bruises to my Grmdmothar she gave it us her opinion
that I had been brutally punished and that the Sister should be prosecuted.
And she had words with my father who did agree that I should not go back
to that school. But I should go to the Guardian Angels in Mile End Road.
This wss A school of n more respected type. We carried School Bags and
wore deep round ironed collars and were quite respectable. The Schoolmaster
was a German by the name of Mr. Kmpp. I used to dread going to school
because Mr. Knapp believed in knocking knowledge into you. To see him
ask 3 boy I question end wait for the answer and if it was wrong he would
place his pen in his mouth and actually jump at the boy and grub him by
both urs and bang his heed against the wall. I was very often that buy.
And then he would tell us, in his calmer moments, thnt he hit us because
he loved us. My father made it a practice of meeting this Schuolneeter
after Benediction on WednesdAys and Fridge Ind enquiring how I was getting

on.