_ 80 -
i! the nurses reported us. They were too much of ladies to sneak on us.
And as a letter of fact after the doctor had been round ouch day we that were
able was allowed to go on deck. I saw a Major of the Gordon Highlanders
who had been severely wounded and died. on the ship buried at sea. It was
a very solemn sight, they brought the body up on deck sewed up in canvas
with fire-hare Attached to the feet to make it sink. The Ship's Engines
were stopped. the Funeral Service was read as the body was placed on a plank
and slid over the ship's aide to its Watery Grave. And yet I! soon as it
touched the water a shark that had been following the ship ceased its attention
and was seen no more. The ship went on at its usual pace and the episode

was soon forgotten.

He had a plesant voyage end as we neared England I began to get well.

I was asked which would I prefer - to go into hospital at Netley or go on
furlough to London. Naturally I chose to go on furlough so I was sent to
Gosport Barracks where I was issued with some new clothes and given an

advance of pay. And the following day was escorted to the railway station

on route to london for one month's holiday. I chummed up with some Yeomanry
chaps on the train. These were gentlemene' sons and received more pay per

day that the enlisted soldier. They were very decent chaps and well supplied
with golden sovereigns. When we reached Waterloo station we became a target
for the harpies that are on the look out fox- eoldiere and sailors coming

home on leave but we sent them off very quickly. With my new found chums

I went round to my father's firm where he was employed as a clothworker.
Jennene 8: Welsh. He caused a bit of excitement because everyone could see

we were newly arrived home from South Africa. My father was quite flustered
and ever so proud of me. He went to the public house at the Corner of Tichfield
Street and of course in view of the type of fellows I was with went into the
eeloon-bar. My father rather put me out in only requiring a penny glass of
ale when we were prepared to pay for the beat the house could supply. I gave
him several of my sovereigns and set about making arrangements to take him to
a theatre that evening, 50 sent a telegram to my step-mother that I was home
and we would be home late. We both enjoyed ourselves and I went home to Ilford
to spend my lonth‘e furlough. It was a quiet dull place and so I came up

and stayed with my cousin Dan in Upper East Smithfield, my only pa]. in London.

And we went about together of an evening when he came home from work.

One night coming from the London Music Hall we met two girls to whom he
introduced me. One was named Maggie McCarthy and I could see it was possible

for them to be sweethearts, she was a very good looking cheerful kind. of girl.