_ 81 _
However, I fell in step with her companion who seemed very nervous that
my eyurs would catch on her dress. It was not until I said good-night to
this girl that I discovered she only had one hand, she had her other hand
burned off in rescuing her mother from a fire. I really pitiad this poor

girl. but I never saw her anymore.

0!] the next Sunday there was an out—door procession at Wapping so my cousin
Dan took me down to see it. And that visit had far-reaching consequences

as far as I was concerned. In the crowd we again saw Maggie McCarthy who
was carrying her brother Jack's baby boy. I volunteered to carry the child
and as it started to rain I wrapped it round in my Cavalry cloak. I attracted
some attention in my Dragoon's uniform and both my cousin and myself were
invited to have a cup of tea at Mrs. McCarthy's, where I was introduced to
the family including Nellie McCarthy and her friend Jennie Simpkins.

We did not stay long, but both of the two girls we were eventually to meet
again as it transpired they worked as tailoresses with my Aunt and I plucked
up sufficient courage to ask them to come up the West one evening to a Music
Hall (the London Pavillion). This was the commencement of my most serious
court-ship as far as Nellie McCarthy was concerned. The girls I had known,
Mary Doyle, Cissie Brooke, Cissie in York, all faded out when I
realized that there was a girl whom I could care for. I don't know that at
first she cared for idea that I was a soldier. And she was interested in a
German tailor. There was any amount of German tailors in the neighbourhood.
My Aunt worked for a Mr. Weider.

I went back to York at the end of my furlough and was given a further extension
of two months furlough with some more arrears of pay. I went round to my
Yorkshire girl's parents' home. And they prevailed on me to get my discharge
from the Amy, and they promised to find me a job in York. They were real
honest good people because one evening when I had too much to drink, my belt
containing all my money (a very large sum) I had flung down in the kitchen.

The mother and father of Ciseie were quite concerned to think I could be so
careless and they guarded it with care whilst I slept in their son's bed.

Yes in looking back it has been my good fortune to know good honest people

as well as some very dishonest ones.

When it became apparent to my Amy Comrades that I had intentions of applying
for my discharge they pleaded with me to stay in the Amy and soldier on.

But I knew I had a. case that would entitle me to some compensation although
it might take weeks. So I applied and went into Hospital and eventually
before a Board of Doctors I told them my history as far as my first accident