-82-

in Dublin was concerned, also the South African episode. They were looking
for Tuberculosis and with all the tests they put me through they failed to
find any symptoms of tuberculosis. And so I got my discharge with a
temporary poneian of ‘1/— a day. There was disappointment in York when

it Has known that Dan Casey meant to go to London to live. They all thought
I should stay there. Iv Army pals were the most insistent and the Yorkshire
friends I had made were deeply sorry to know I had made up my mind that
London was to be my future home. I had a great send off from York. And

I went straight from King's Cross Station to Ilford. My father was on a
week's holiday from his firm Jennene Helch and He went about together.

I bought myself a smart suit and what with my bronzed complexion and my
Cavalry set-up. looked every inch what could be termed the Returned Wanderer.

We were passing a building in the course or construction one day. my fnther
and myself when I expressed a desire to go and ask for a job. My father
said "very good son, you will exchange the sword for s spade". I went

into this framework of a building in the process of erection and asked to
be directed to the responsible person in charge. To my amazement the people
I asked all called me "Sir". When I saw the General Foreman he thought I
was joking. He said "can you use a pick and shove17". I said "yes".

He said "when can you start?". I said. "Now". He said. "can you be here
at 2 o'clock today with a pick and shovel?". I said "yes". although I

had no idea of how I was to find one. But I knew my father was waiting
outside and that he was a man of infinite resources. I came out and told
him the result. He said "come along of me, we will go along and see 01d
Tom Gallagher“. This was an Irish paviour my father know. We found him

at work in the street at Ilford and invited him to come and have a drink.
Then I told him what I wanted, a pick and shovel. He fair chuckled with
glee putting his celloused hand in mine. he said "ch you'mthe stuff.

Hard work never yet killed nnyboiy. Take this old pick round the corner

to the blacksmiths and ask him to have it drawn. Never take neJ w to a

new job".

At 2 o'clock in some of my father's old clothes and a pick and shovel on
my shoulder I went and started work at what is now the Barking Town Hall,
my first job in civilian life. When the nav‘vies discovered I had just left
the Anny they became friendly and taught me the proper way to get the best
results with a spade. This consisted of a system of tunneling so that the

earth fell down and saved the energy that would have been required to dig