-83..

as I was digging. There was one matter on which they were adamant, and

that was I should join their Trade Union. I of course had no conception

what a trade-union was and to be frank about it I cared less. Still I
promised I would join this Union. In the meanwhile I consistently kept

com ing up the Upper East Smithfield to my Cousin Dan's place and was

now the recognised sweetheart of Nellie McCarthy. I also visited Napping to
call for her. I said one- Ssturday evening "Nell, I have got to join a

Trade Union, will you come along with me to Forest Gate?". We went by

tram to Stratford and walked a good distance enquiring for a public-house
called the Buxton Arms where this Union had its Branch Meeting Place.

But although we enquired our way, we failed to find it. On the following
Monday when I went to work I was challenged by the men with whom I worked

why it was I failed to show up and join this Union and they were refusing to
work with me when some fellow there who was listening to my explanation said,
"Hold hard mates". He said, "did you have a young woman on your arm in
Forest Lane on Saturday evening?". I said “yes". He said. "that's quite
alright because you asked me the way to the Buxton Arms". And so the
threatening manner of the men gave place to good fellowship when it was
realized I had spoken the truth. I had and still have a vivid recollection
of what a Trade Union can do. The foreman told off a couple of men to unload
some steel girders that was to be used in the building when an accident
occured through the chain slipping, and one poor fellow had his two legs
susshed and was rushed off the the hospital where his legs were amputated.

It appeared he was careless in paying his Union contributions and would have
been out of benefits but for a careful wife who being told previous to his
accident that he owed money to his Union. paid the amount from her house—
keeping money. The unscrupulous agents of the employers went round to this
woman And tried to prevail on her that her husband should accept a certain sum
of money as compensation for the loss of his legs. But the Union Officials
had told her to leave the matter entirely to them. not withstanding that

the husband was prepared to accept anything. The Union put in a claim for a
large sum of money at the High Courts of Justice in the Strand and they lost
the day. But being determined they put down £1,000 sterling to have the case
retried in the House of lords. And they won. They incidentally won all the
costs of the previous trial. And the argument the Union's Counsel advanced
was "That a man who loses his two legs is equivalent to that of a dead man".
This specific case made me obviously interested in the Trade Union Movement,
although it was some years later before it came to my lot to have a chance to

express my views.