-8h-

It came ehout that I found the work in the Building Trade too hard and

I next ventured into the Public House Trade and started work in a City House
called The Raglan Hotel. I had the time o! my life at this place.

There was plenty to eat and drink. The job insisted that one should keep
himself smartly dressed. And there Here ‘I‘+ barmaid: besides the kitchen
girls. There was only another chap and myself as porters end cellemen

to look after the House and sleep on the premises. The manager and his

wife preferred to go home each evening to their private residence. V9

were both held responsible to see the place was safely secured at night

and that nothing went wrong. The House opened at six in the morning and
closed et midnight. We were allowed two hours test time each day. Our
manual work concluded at 3 o'clock in the afternoon when after our rest we
dressed and went on duty at the front of the House collecting the empty
glasses and preventing hawkers annoying the customers. One evening I

came down from rest and saw my colleague Arthur struggling with A man

in the lobby of the house. This man had grossly insulted two girls in

the saloon bar and Arthur was ejecting him. As he put him outside he

turned his beck on the man when with a murderous look on his face he

crept up behind Arthur raising a heavy walking stick over his head meaning
to deal a blow from behind. In a flash I saw Arthur's danger and slipped
in quick. I punched the fellow with e. straight left to the jaw. The Insult
was smazing. far the men reeled backwards right across the pacement and
went down striking the heck of his head on the edge of the kerb-stsne.

Blood began to flow freely. An angry crowd collected and to crown it all
one of the domestic servants of the house who happened to be looking out

of an upper window blew her Police Whistle. The ambulance came up and
rushed the man to hospital. I went inside and told the Head Barmaid

what had occurred and she advised me to go upstairs out of the way.

I was looking out of my bedroom window later in the evening when I saw

the fellow returning heavily bandaged about the head and accompanied by

two members of the City Police, so I went downstairs to meet them. To my
surprise he desired to charge Arthur for the assault om him. But I was

not going to stand for that. I turned to the Police Sergeant and said

"He is making a mistake. I hit him", and described to the Police how it
happened. The man said "I am a Captain in the Amy. I want to charge

that man for assaulting me". The Police Sergeant said to him "clear off out
of it quick or else I will charge you, because you only got what you deserved".
I was so relieved at the manner of the Police action in exonerating the house
from blame that I went and got them a drink and cigar which Miss Shakespeare

the Head-Girl gladly gave me .