_ 8S _
My first job next morning was to tell the Governor when he arrived all

about it. He also told me I did quite right.

The House changed hands some time later, a Mr. Yardley became Proprietor
and contrary to custom ha retained me as his cellar-man although the rest
of the staff were new faces. This new Governor thought very highly of me
and was very easy to get on with. I told him of my Army life including

my visit to Australia. This had an amusing sequel. At the period I am
writing there was in vogue what was termed a Black List. This included
habitual drunkerds and violent characters who we were forbidden to serve
with drinks by the Police. I came up fro- the cellar one day to stock the
bar when one of these characters called for : drink end was refused by the
bar-meid who was terror stricken by his violent language. He said "alright
I will serve myself" and started to clember over the bar. "Dan. Dan" she
screened and in a moment I had him by the scruff of the neck, when he broke
loose and drew n wicked looking knife from his hip. To say I recoiled ie
to put it mildly. I rushed from the house to find a Policemen end as usual
when one is wanted there is not one to be found. I nlao knew the Governor
was out and I had left this desperate rnffien to do as he liked with the
frightened har—mide. So back I rushed and throwing open the door I said
"now will you clear out or shall I give you in charge?". Hy bluff worked,
he fully expected to see a Policeman behind me. And he pleaded with me not
to lock him up. He went outside like a lamb but when he realised how I had
tricked him I was called all the names he could think of. And just then

I saw a Policemen coming along and so did he, for he took to his heels and
fled. Vhen the Governor came home with some men friends he was told what had
happened, how a man had threatened Dan with a knife. To my surprise he said
"what. a man like you who has been through the South African War afraid of
a. men with a knife? You should have done this", and picking up quickly a
drinking glass he broke a piece off so as to lenve a jagged end end flung
it at an imaginary man. I said "alright, if he comes here again you will
have to pay bail for me". And sure enough a week or so later in he cane
and I tackled him but this time Mr. Yardley was also there. What that fellow
got was what he was asking for. Not only did I have the satisfaction of
punching him and taking his knife away, but the Governor set about him
properly and then handed him over to the Police. He else prosecuted him
and the fellow got six months hard labour.