-86-

About this time my girl and myself conceived the idea of getting married.

So I asked pemission to have the Boxing Day off, but when I told him it

was for the purpose of getting married he called me all sorts of a tool.
"Why", he said, “you are only 23 years of age. Must you get married? Is it
compulsory'l". I said "No, but I have met a good partner". With that he shook
hands and wished me the best of luck and gave me a bottle of champagne to
drink on my wedding day. The wedding was to be at St. Patrick's Church,
Hspping. And I asked my Cousin Dan to be my best man but ta my surprise

he refused. It appeared that some disagreement had arose between his Mother
and my future wife. Some statements had been made, the nature of which I
never quite understood. My cousin was courting the girl friend of my
sweetheart Jennie Simpkins but the two girls had fallen out with each other.
And it was in these circumstances that my wedding-day came round. My best
man was the girl‘s brother, Jack McCarthy. I had arranged with a cabman whose
)ank was outside the Raglan to convey us to the church but through some
misunderstanding as to time I had to engage another cab, so it turned out that
the two cabs were employed. I recall that I was troubled that our resources
would not be enough to pay for all the expenses involved in the Wedding Ceremony.
Also that the only one I could invite was my father as my aunt and cousin
definitely refused to come although I went and asked them to do so on my
wedding morning. But Mrs. McCarthy and family soon made me forget my isolated
position. And. when I approached the Altar Rails at one of the most important
moments in a man's life. my father appeared on the scene and anyhow I felt there
was nothing to worry about. My Bride looked lovely and so sticking my chest
out and standing as if I was on the Parade Ground in Barracks, I repeated the
vows after the Priest (Father Beckley) and marched out with my wife on my arm
to face a shower of confetti and a hearty welcome and good wishes from my
wife's family and friends. The wedding festivities was kept up for three days
and nights, my wife's relations saw to that. We had taken a fairly large
room in Wellcloee Square and I recall that dead heat I sneaked away from

the party at day-break to have a sleep. I was supposed to go to work on

this day but felt justified in having Another day off. When I did go back to
my job I expected to get into trouble for this, but beyond some good hnmoured
chaffing from the bsr-maids and the Missus everything was quite alright.

My wife continued at her work as s tailoress but she could not bear to go
indoors until I came home from work as the square was a lonely place, she
very often came to meet me and wait for me in the her until I was at liberty
to come home. She was known to the bar-maids as Mrs. Dan. The Missus and

Governor used to converse with her while she was waiting for me and as time