_ 87 _
went on our first baby was born. The Hissus end the Governor at the Raglan
got just as excited as myself when I received the telegram acquaintihg me
of the feet, and searched the time to find a five-shilling piece as a present

for the baby. This was supposed to be e token of Good Luck.

There came a change of Proprietorship at the Raglan and I found myself out

of work for the first time since leaving the Amy. I had returned hame one
day after vainly seeking for work when A knock came on the door and. I opened
it to find our ceretaker's brother there, he stated that he heard I was out

of work. Could I clean windows. He was a superintendent of the International
Hindew-Cleahing Company in Holborn. end on his recommendation I commenced work
there the following day. There were a large number of men employed by this
window—cleaning company. The mode of procedure was that each man was provided
with a ladder in two parts, a pail. wash—leather and dueters. We then were
appointed to genes under a {ore—man, generally about twelve men to a gang.

The fore-msn received his orders for the day's work then each gang adjourned
to various coﬂee-ehopa where the tore-man allocated out the work to be done
by each man. Then the gang would disperse to different parts of London to
clean shop and factory windows. always arranging to concentrate on the last
job of the day, generally a big printing establishment. Speed was very
essential as it was all piece work. The gang was paid 50% of what they
earned, the company retaining the other 50%. There was a penny deducted a
day from each man‘s earnings as insurance in case we broke any windows. I
can safely say that it was the hardest and most dangerous job I was ever
employed at. I recollect one day we were engaged incleening the windows

of a big Printers in Farringdon Road. I was high up cleaning the outside
windows of the top storey. Looking down into the road the people seemed

like midgets to me. I had to walk along a. narrow parapet to get to the

next window, because I was cleaning the outsides while my mate was cleaning
the insides. As I went to the next window I happened to look down into
Farringdon Road from my great height and then I last my nerve and became
giddy. My mate who was more experienced at this sort of game came to my
assistance. His Advice was that when one was working on a high building
never to look down but to keep my attention on my job. This advice I
{allowed but I did eventually meet with an accident. I was working one day
on a Iawyers' windows in the Inner Temple, and was standing on the window-cill
of the fourth storey window when all of a sudden it crumbled beneath my feet.
I clutched at the window to save myself from falling, broke the glass and cut
my arm. The two Lawyers inside the room rushed to my eeeistence and pulled
me inta the room. They were shaking and white with excitement at my narrow
escape. One gave me half a crown to buy myself some brandy. but when I got