-88-

into the pub I had a pint of ale instead and only cost 2:! as that I had
Z/hd to take home. I was laid up a couple of weeks before I was able to

use my am.

My next adventure was at the 01d Poland Street Vorkhouse in the West End.
This has since been converted into a garage. On this particular day I

was told off to work with a gang to clean all the windows at the Work House.
This comprised a large number of men and amongst them were men who were not
strangers to prison life. As I carried on with the job and had reached to
the store room windows I was amazed to see through the window I was cleaning
two men of the gang hurgling the store room. Then I saw the door open and
the workhouse master and other officials walk in and. capture the two men red.—
handed as it were. They were soon in the hands of the Police and I was uneasy
and thinking that I might be accused of being in with them. They were
sentenced at Marlborough Street Police Court the same day to six months'

herd labour, and I was wishing that I could get a more decent job when a
Superintendent came up to me and said they had a telephone message come

from the Raglan for me to call there after I had finished work. I went and
was recommended to a job at a Wine: Merchants, a more respectable type of
employment as e cellar man. I had to bottle Wines and Spirits and Beers.
this was a job I had some knowledge of. My wife had become acquainted

with a neighbour, the name of Stanley, whose husband was the foreman at the
Liverpool Steamers Quay at Vapping. They had a led the name of Jack and I
was able to get him A job to work with me at this Wine Merchants. He always
got on well together. I became acquainted with his father who offered me a
job at the Docks. This I accepted and for the next five years I was s Dock—
Lebourer, when owing to a quarrel with the foreman I was thrown out of work.
This was a desperate time for me as I was out of work for three months, my
wife had to work as a tailoress, a poorly paid work with young children to
support. My wife's relatives were very gaod to us during these desperate
times. And she herself managed to somehow furnish the meals.

I was seeking work one day with a man called Connillan. This poor chap had
an afﬂiction with his eyes. a well set up man he was and yet owing to being
nearly blind he was considered a danger to work with. On this day he said

to me “You are rather superior to this kind of game going round seeking a
casual day's work, don't you know anyone on the Borough Council?". I told
him that I knew Jack Hartmann very slightly. "Go and ask him to recommend
you for a job" he said. I went to Hartman and although he did not recommend
me he did direct me to Duke's store in Limehouse. When I got to this place
s very uppish young fellow wanted to know my business. I told him I wanted