- 89 _
a job. He said "you must go to Dongola Street Stepney". When I got
there I found the place consisted of A Central Bureau fax- Unemployed.
I went inside and the fellow there said to me "A young fellow like you,
wouldn't you like to amignt67". I then noticed posters on the walls
all of them depicting the glorious opportunities or emigrating to Canada.
I replied "Yes, but not to Canada. I don't mind going to New Zealand".
I then told him of my tour of the Commonwealth in the Ship Britannia.
"You are (just the sort we went", he said. "But I am married and have a
family of young children". "All the better", he said, "are they healthy?".
"yes, thank God", I said. "then fill in this form and you will require
two bond-holders of £20 to assure that you will go. I went home with the
form and the news that we were going to emigrate to New Zealand and my
wife burst into tears. She had struggled through the months of adversity
and this seemed to her the last straw. After a time she became resigned to
the project and we commenced to sell our furniture to the neighbours.
And then I received a shock. Some months previously I had agreed. to sing
at the Town Hall for a Benefit Concert in aid of a Hr. Greenane who had
failed in business. It was to be held under the auspices of the United
Irish League in which I was a member. I had clean forgotten this arrangement
when the postman brought a letter to the door acquainting me I was engaged to
sing at the forthcoming Concert and would receive the fee of 7/6d, also
enclosing two complimentary tickets. I was amazed. What was I to do.
I had no clothes yresentsble to go anywhere and for 7/6d in the state we were
placed in I would have sung anywhere. So I waited on a friend I knew, Pat
Mahoney. and explained the position. He took me home and. lent me his new
clothes. The wife managed to borrow something from her sisters and when we
proceeded to the Concert we were a well dressed pair. So much so that Bill
Malone who we met on the way wanted to know if I had started work. But when
I explained the true facts of the case he was sorry and slipped a couple of
shillings in my hand, so it was with everyone we met. I was treated to beer
and when I got to the Town Hall I had what is termed hitch Courage. Now I
am no singer, all I knew were songs that were being sung in the Music Halls
at that period. A fellow in evening dress came up to me and asked me for my
music book. I could have laughed at him had I not been so nervous, so I
explained that I only wanted the pianist to vamp for me. The song I chose was
Harry Randall's "The Boarding House-Keeper" and presently I found myself on the
stage with rows and rows of faces staring up at me. I was told afterwards that
I shouted my words clear, but I felt as if my voice was in my boots.
I adjourned to the pub adjacent to the Hall where I was treated to some more
beer, as there was an interval before my next turn on, and by this time was

getting intoxicated. I was fully so when I went on and recited "Christmas