_ 9 _
About this time my father got in the habit of always taking me with

hill wherever he went and I know I used to feel quite aahamed as he would
put me forward to recite same poetry I had learned at school. And h_e
M have the actions with it. Also I had an idea he was thinking

of marrying again. I had grown rather tall and was getting on well

at school when we were surprieed to have a Private Hanson Cab dash up

to the door and a Lady in fun and diamonds who was my father's sister
got out. I know she was married to a rich Jew who was a Diamond Merchant
in Hatton Garden, she took some interest in me and gave my father some
money to get me some clothes. They were to be new but what he went and
done was to take no to a Pawn Shop and buy a second hand suit. He
explained to me he was in debt and I know I was am satisfied with

the clothes I got.

Some time after he asked me how I would like a New Mother, and I promptly
told his Not At All. But one day I was sent to a house in St. Paul's Road,
Bow and he arrived with his bride. They had been married that morning

at the Guardian Angels. There was a Sailor chap there and he was this
stepmother of mine's eldest son. I know as a result of this mrriage

my sister Katie came home from the Convent. And I left my Grandmother's
place. Then came a bombshell for my father. He was of the impression

she only had the one son who went to sea in a Fishing Smack. But unbeknown
to him she had six other children away in the Poor Law Guardians Homes.

And as soon as they heard she was married they sent all these children home.
I shall not forget the day when these strange children came home. Or yet
the look on my father's face when he came home from work. He had eight
children to keep and only two belonged to him. He was only a labourer

on a small wage and the result was semi—starvation for me who always had
full and plenty at my Grandmothers. To make a show that the children
would make no difference to the economic position, she would cook special
dishes for him. And warn all of us before he came home if we said we

were hungry what she would do to us. Our dinner used to consist of rice
and salt and the bread and butter was rationed. So I was glad to know

that I was alqu welcome at my Grandmothers who always had a meal for me.
But with my sister it was different, she had red hair and the others called
her "carrots". I came across hex- once picking up epecked apples at the
back of a stall and when I spoke roughly to her she told me she was hungry.
I plucked up courage to tell my father of this because I knew he idolised
my sister Katie. And to give him his due, he stopped the fancy dishes

she prepared for him and every evening when he came home he wanted to

know who felt hungry or who wanted something to eat. Needless to add