.. 90 _
Day in the Workhouse". Now this Mr. Greenane being a Guardian, all the

Borough Councillors and Guardians attended the Concert. also the Member of
Parliament Wedgewood Benn. These were all sitting in the front seats and

as I proceeded with the recitation quite unconsciously I pointed my remarks

at them. This tickled the rest of the audience so much that I received

quite an ovation when I made my bow to them. There was only one person

who knew that I was drunk, and. that one person was my wife. I received my

7/6d which I handed to her. And then I recognised one of the stewards as

the man who had given me the form to emigrate. I was informed. his name was

Tom Doyle. So I went up to him and explained who I was. He said "I suppose
you know your application has been turned down to emigrate to New Zealand".

I replied noI that I was still waiting for further news. He said "go and

see Father Wainwright". This was a very high church clergyman who besides
being on the Board of Guardians and Borough Council was prominent in all local
charities. Roman Catholics were very averse to having any dealings with him.
To be seen with him was to publish the fact that one was seeking Charity.

I was not after Charity. but I certainly wanted to know what had intervened

to prevent me from emigrating, more especially as we had sold the better part
of our home and had made all preparations to go. I went to St. Peter's Church
in Old Gravel Lane, Mapping and rang the bell and this Father Wainwright
admitted me and invited me into his study. "Well my Son, what can I do for
you", he said. I explained my reasons for coming to see him. "Ah yes“, he said,
”we have found that your character is very unsatisfactory. You have a
quarrelsome disposition and left your job of your own accord after a fight

with the foreman at the Docks". To say that I was indignant at this vile
slanderous lie is to put it mildly. He said "alright we will both go round
together and see the Manager at the Docks". I said "No, I will go by myself.

I am not going to have people think I want Charity". 50 away I hurried to the
Liverpool Steamers Quay to interview the Manager, Mr. Paul who it was alleged
had given this character of myself. He took me into his office and I explained
my errand to him. "He give you a bad character Casey'I". he said, "I gave you
what I should term a very good one, but I will write you out another".

This he did and gave to me. As I read the excellent character I had received
all my eagerness to emigrate evapo rated. Uhy's should I. why's should I

take my family out of England to face possible hardships when I had a reference
like the one I held in my hands. No. I determined I would break all recognised
procedure of waiting to be called on for a day's work. I would go and demand
a day's work. I think I must have been light-headed with my troubles to
contemplate doing what I actually did do.

I went to where the Brussells boat was being unloaded and went straight up to
the Boss of the job, a Mr. Dan Cooney. “Look here", I said, "I want work".