-91-

"I have been waiting here every morning sometimes 1+ o'clock, sometimes 7 o'clock
and never got a days's work. Read that". And I thrust the character I had
just received from the Manager of the Liverpool Boats in his hands. I saw

all the men observing me but I did not care. 01d Cooney looked at me and

then commenced searching in his pockets for his spectacles, he perched these
right on the extreme edge of his nose and I was wondering that they did not
fall off when I noticed he had the document I had given him to read upside
down. "Yes", he said. giving it to me back, "that reads alright. I have

a ship coming in this afternoon. You show up here at one o'clock and I will
soonsee what you are made of". To say that I was overjoyed, I went out of
the gates smiling and ran right into my landlord in Rygate Street (Bill
Dtogmann). I told him I had a chance of a start at Cooney‘s. "Don't go

away“ said Bill, "stop here. come and have some bread and. cheese and some beer.
but don't go away from this until the Charlemn comes in". He was a boatman
that used to meet the ships in the river and moor then to the shore, he

earned tidy money but had to be out at all times of the night to meet the
ships as they arrived. He was also very tree-heartod. I accepted his
invitation to refreshment gratefully as I had little breakfast that morning.
As soon as the shop came thro the bridge at 1 o'clock I lined up with the
other men and was the first man to be called on. Of course I became the target
of curious eyes but I took no notice. of! came the batches of the ship and I
had determined to show Cooney or anyone else that I was not afraid of hard work
and could do my job. This was all very well but I was going too fast for
other members of the gang. "Take your time", they advised. I said, "when

you have been out as long as what I have you will understand what it means

to get work again". It was killing work unloading the cargo, far different

to the job at the Liverpool Boats where they had s better system. As six o'clock
came we were told to go and get our tea as we were to work until 11 o'cluck
that night at overtime rates. Each man received a sub of 2/-. Just as I

came out of the gates I saw my little boy Dinny who had evidently been sent to
meet me. “Go home and tell your mother I am working till late". I said, at
the same time giving him a penny, then I followed my mates into the coffee
shop where I ordered a hearty substantial meal. Then back to work we went
again to work by candle light in the ship's hold. The cry of "Give your eyes
a chance" rang out time and again as the grappling hooks attached to the
ship's crane was taken and fastened to cases and casks. "Heave-up" was
shouted and Bang the purchase would crash against the stanchions as we
clambered to the sides of the ship to get out of the way. The Dist and Dirt
and Sweat. It was Hell's Inferno was this job of Cooney's, and yet I was

glad to feel I had broken my long spell of Bad Luck and Unemployment and

would be able to take home that night the first wages I had earned for months.