_ 92 -
I recall that we worked until ‘11 p.111. that night and then we went to a little
caboose that was used as an office to draw out earnings. I drew what I had
to come including my overtime pay end As I was counting it I observed two
of the ship's gang go back to the pay box and receive some more pay.
"Hello", thought I to myself. "what's this?“. So back I went to the pay box
and putting all my money down I said "excuse me Mr. Cooney but is that right'l".
He gave me such a keen look. "Did those other two (here he used. a nice
expression I tell you) - here you are, 2/— dirty money". This was on account
of the nature of the cargo we were unloading and eppsre ntly only those who
asked for it received. Cooney did not pay if he had e mug to deal with
any more than the base rate, I found this out afterwards.

At 7 s.m. next morning I was at work again although I did not get to sleep
till past midnight. It was all rush and tea: as the crease, or purchase as it
is temed, were not allowed to stop a moment, as one went up so the other came
down. And it was due to this that I had my first experience of Cooney's methods.
Our purchase had stopped with a "set" hanging comprising two big cesks cf beer.
As we had started to reload the ship and the first thing down was all the
EM - up rushed Cooney. ”What's the stoppage" he yelled down the ship's
hold and to my amazement the man I was working with replied "we have got a
"passenger" down here". We were working what is termed two aside. two were
on the port side of the ship and two were on the starboard side. The cranes
first went to one side and then the other so it can be imagined how quickly
one had to work. Down into the ship's hold came Cooney. "Do you call this chap
a passenger“, he said pointing his finger at me. "why. he is worth two of
you. Go aft", he roared, and send snowball to take your place here". This
referred to a man with white hair. "Take charge here", said Cooney to him
when he arrived, "and tell me what you think of him", again pointing to me.

I got on ever so much better with this man as he had a cool manner in going
about his work and he of course knew his job. “You are alright". he said,
"but you don't want to get excited, takethirgs easy and you will work much

more comfortable". I began to see the force of reason in his remarks and
things went along more smoothly. Again we worked overtime and by the end

of the week I had earned what was considered good wages.

I had been at this but a short period when I received a letter from the Army
Authorities directing me to appear for a medical examination at the Royal
Hospital, Chelsea and this recalling as to the reasons I had to be medically
examined. When I had taken my discharge from the 15?. King's Dragoon Guards
at York I found I had been given s provisional pension for 12 months of a