_ 9) ..

1/- a day. At the end of the 12 months when I had to go up for re-examination
I was employed at The Raglan where I had a good job and kept A smart appearance
consequently when the Army doctors saw me they dis—allowed me the pension.

And some years later just before I succeeded in getting the job at Coohsy's

I was in Watney Street with the wife one Saturday evening getting what shopping
she could afford as I was out of work, when as I was waiting outside of a shop
for her who should clap me on the shoulder but 3 Railway Guard. "Hello, Case".
he said. Looking at him closely I recognised one of the 1st Dragoon Guards
who had been with me in South Africa. "Come and have a drink", he said so we
went in a Mann Crossman's pub and started to exchange our experiences. so
much so that I forgot all about the wife and the shopping. He acquainted me
with the feet that he was receiving 2/6d 3 day pension for life. I then told
him of my experience and how I had lost my pension. "See here". he said, don't
you know your local M.P.7". I replied that I did as a matter of fact, I hnd
worked and canvassed for him in his election. This was Mr. Wedgwood Bonn.
"Get in touch with him and ask him to take your case up", was the advice I

got from this sx-soldier friend of mine.

When I got home I explained how I had missed the wife and then made a search
for any Amy papers that I possessed, but so careless was I in these matters
that I could not find any. I got into touch with the Agent of Mr. Benn who
came to see me at Rygste Street. And then it was the wife who found my
Discharge Papers. "I don't know as Mr. Benn can do much", said. the Agent, A
Mr. Revell, "but I will take these papers and in the meanwhile you go and be
etsmined by e local doctor - Dr. Reidy for choice". He said this with a twinkle
in his eyes because Dr. Reidy wss one of the supporters of the United Irish
Insgue to which I belonged and also a supporter of Mr. Benn. So having got the
loan of 2/- off I went tn Commercial Road to see Dr. Reidy. "Yes, he said, "I
will examine you, take off your things. Does Mr. Benn really think he can get
your pension restored to you?". I replied that I had only had dealing with his
Agent so far end that he had advised me to come to him. "Alright". said the
Doctor with a laugh, “you have certainly got an injured beck" and he gave me a
certificate to that effect refusing to take any fee as I was out of work.

When I saw :11 the letters behind his name denoting his degrees I thought to
myself "It's off". I had waited some time to get the results of this
application and was a bit annoyed to think that now I had started e job after
being out of work so song that I should have to lose time. So once sgein I

did something not considered proper. I went round to Dan Cooney's house.

“What do you want. Dan?" he asked. "Iosk here. Govemnr," I said, "Just Is I
have got A job after so long a time out. this letter has come for me to go

to Chelsea Hospital. As I don't want you to think I am staying awn from work
on my own accord I have come round to explain. "That's alright", said 01d Dan,