_ 91* _
"you can start when you come back".
Next morning I duly appeared at the Royal Hospital. Chelsea. The first to
button-hole me was two very old pensioners with rows of medals on their breasts.
They started telling the tale. nearly as long as this one is, and I geve them a
bit of tobacco I had and 6d. Then an Orderly called me to go before the
Medical Officer and I found myself confronting an Officer in civilian clothes
sitting at a desk smoking a briar-pipe. This individual sat glaring at me for
some minutes. then he fairly barked at me. "What is your name? How do I know
you belonged to the Amy?". I showed him my war medal. He said I might have
had the name put on myself. Altogether I received a warm reception from this
Officer, who I found was a Captain Jaegar. Then he shouted to me "Take your
things off. all of them" and he stood over me while I undressed. He then got
a piece of chalk and marked a score on my back, then he ordered me to climb and
sit on the edge of a raised bed with my legs dangling and not reaching to the
floor, and to my surprise he jumped up beside me and before I was aware of his
intentions he hit me sharply with his clenched fist on both of my thighs, at
the same time watching my feet. When he had tested my water and had put the
stethoscope to my chest and back, growling "say 99, say 99" I then knew that
he was searching for tuberculosis. And I realised that I had been to the
Victoria Park Hospital a year or so previously when I had worked on the
Liverpool Boats, because as I was gcing to work early one morning I sicked up
a pint of blood. The doctor I went to, a Dr. Arthur, told me to get under the
Park Hospital as soon as possible which I did, and after 6 weeks treatment they
had discharged me. All this went through my mind as I was undergoing this very
searching examination. Presently this Captain went out of the room returning
with three other highly placed Medical Officers, one of whom was the Principal
Officer of the Hospital. They were in uniform of the Royal Army Medical Corps.
They had a conference and I overheard. my inquisitor say that he had applied. all
the tests searching for “it" but it was not there. I was next told to dress
myself and they continued their talk. I thought that my ordeal was over and
I was to be allowed to depart when the Orderly again called me before this
Captain. "Take your clothes off again", he said. But he seemed to be in a
better humour. He again had a look at my back. "Alright, dress", he said.
"how much is your fare?“. I told him, he paid me my fate and one day's
Amy Pay (or rations). I came out of that hospital with a vow that not for
fifty pensions would I go through such a searching ordeal again.

I first went and had a pint of ale as I thought I had well earned it and came
home to recount my adventures to my wife. That night in the club room of the
United Irish League we were e11 conjecturing if the Army paid any back pension.

I know I was the pessimist and did not expect I would get a penny. But Dan Keenan