-95-

the Postman said "Dan you will get the lot". "If I do, ' said "then I will
buy St. Patrick's Band new instruments". They made me promise and I agreed.
Then the following night Keenan said to me "I have Just taken a letter to
your house, you have got your pension back". At first I thought he was
joking, but running home to Rygate Street I received the letter that
acquainted me with the news that the Lords and Governors of the Royal
Hospital, Chelsea had considered my case and that I was granted a permanent
pension of 1/- a day. This caused an argument In the United Irish League
club. Tom Keefe, he stated that I should apply for my back pay as if I was
entitled to it then it should never have been taken sway. But I had been
through an examination that they had not been through. moreover there was a
lurking suspicion in the back of my mind that perhaps I did have Consumption.
My yoor Mother had died from it. And at this period. Lloyd George had started
his political campaign for Free Medical Insurance to stamp out what he termed
the White Scourge - Consumption. So I determined to be satisfied. When I
thanked Mr. Vedgewood Benn for his part in it, he winked his eye And told me
I ought to have had the eight years back pension.

My father at this period came to live with us so we moved to the Tower
Buildings. His health got so bad that he had to be taken sway to Bromley
Infirmary. Before his removal he had discoveredmy step-brather Jack Daly

in a combined grocers and confe ctiohers shop in Poplar. In the course of my
visits to Bromley I called there and was made welcome especially by Jack's
wife Beatrice. A warm hearted and good looking young women. They had three
children, John, Beat and Gladys end in the interchange of visits between Poplar
and Wspping real esteem and friendship occured. Beat Duly never came to see
us at Wapping empty handed, there was Always something for my children, they
were very successful in their shop, both being of a Sober end Industrious

character.

Thus it came about that I left Cooney‘s. Jack had a customer who was a
plumber and at the time working for Siley, Weir & 00., Silvertown. This
individual. after Jack had spoken for me, had a job for me as a plumber'e
mate. I had to provide myself with a suit of blue dungarees which I bought

at Gsrdiners. Aldgate for 5/-, and show up at 7 o'clock the next morning on
one of the Ocean Liners at the Royal Albert Docks. This gave me no time to
notify Cooney and to my sorrow to this day I left him without any notice.
After all he had been good enough to give me e start when I was right down and
out. Anyhow Jack talked me over that it was a much better job than Dock
Iabouring. I got up early and took a train to Silvertown then I walked through

the Docks enquiring for the ship that this man was working on. By the time

I had found it the time was well past 7 o'clock. I went up the Gsng-Plank