_ 96 _
and saw carpenters at work and a small army of other trades AS well.
I enquired where the plumbers were working and was directed towards the
lavatories where they were putting in new pans. I introduced myself and.
one man said "Oh you are my new mate". His name was Bridges, a fully fledged
plumber. He asked me if ever I had been a mate before and without a blush
I replied "yes“. He sent me for a tool to his bag and as I had no conception
of what tool he meant I brought the bag over and dumped them all in front of
him, and this action clearly proved that I knew nothing at all about a
plumber's mates job. When he challenged me I told him a full and frank story.
He said "I am glad you told me the m_th because we shall get on alright
together now. There is no doubt about it. he was a skilled plumber and the
jobs I assisted him to do was an education to me. I recall that we were sent to
one of the Nelson Liners, that brings all the frozen meat from the Argentine.
It appeared that the drinking water pump on board this ship was sucking up
a lot of rust from the water tanks. "Go and ask the bo'sun to lend you a
couple of pairs of sea—boots", said my plumber, which I did, "now come with
me". I had been on ships before but never in a ship's water tank. Down, down
we vent right under the ship's fires where we climbed through a man-hole into
the tank. The boats were no use to us because the water reached to our waists.
The tank extended the whole breadth of the ship and it was a canny experience
to know that no-one knew we were down there. It was now about 9 o'clock at
night and we were on overtime rates. My plumber directed me to go a firm -
not our own — and borrow a pair of chain cutters. When I returned he had
undressed and using this tool under water he severed the pipe at the part that
was causing the trouble and adjusting a new one. I thought it a wonderful
achievement and told him so. His reply was "go home and go to bed and come
back here at 3 o'clock tomorrow afternoon, and don't forget you are on
overtime all night". I had hardly been back a quarter of an hour the next
afternoon before the Head Foreman from the Works turned up on the ship.
He asked me where my mate was and I replied "he was here a moment ago". He
then informed me that he had visited the ship in the morning and could not see
either of us. I stoutly declared we were there on the ship and to my surprise
he believed me. And yet what with the riveters, carpenters and all the motley
assembly that are on a ship when she is under repairs in dock, it is very

difficult to find a person without directions.

This job as a plumber's mate finished up very sudden and I found myself again
unemployed, but I had been taking messages to Jennens Welsh where my father
was employed to acquaint them how he was getting on in Bromley Infirmary.

My father had worked for this firm a number of years, so I conceived the idea

of asking the Managing Director, 3 Mr. Higgs, for a job. This was in 1910.