-97..

After explaining that my father was seriously ill I asked him for a job

as a Press—man'a mate,a1though I had no idea what the term meant I had often
had it described to me by my father. Mr. Riggs did not relish the idea of
giving me a job. He said "you are used to dock work and have no idea of
cloth working". He asked me to wait while he saw his foreman whose name was
Tom Aldridge, a friend of my father's and also one of my own from that firm
when I was in the Amy, because when I was going back to Ireland off furlough
my father and his ahopmatea always came to Ehston Station to see me off.

Mr. Riggs went to Aldridge and said "Casey's son has asked me for a job as a
press—man's mate and I feel inclined to give him a start. Aldridge said "yes,
we can shift Couzens (a man doing press-man's mate) onto the Table and he can
take his place". Mr. Riggs said to me "I am going to give you a fortnight's
trial, if at the end of that period I ask you to go you must not be offended,
on the other hand if you suit me the job is yours. I am going to start you
at 25/— a week. The hours are from 7 o'clock in the morning until 6 o'clock
at night". I was rather staggered at the very low wages, but I determined

to give it a trial.

I started next morning and as I knew practically all the old hands through

my father working there I received a pleasant welcome. The pmss—men's name was
Charlie Bright who took upon himself the job of showing me how to carry the

hot iron plates from the plate oven and how to drop the folded work into the
hydraulic presses. These are termed Pieces and when they are folded in papers
each paper weighing 16 ounces, comprise a very heavy lift. Each plate weighs
56 pounds so by the time the day was finished the two of us had carried several
tons in weight. I soon got the knack of this job and in three days I was perfect
and giving satisfaction. As the end of the fortnight drew near I enquired of
the Foreman and my mate if I was doing the job alright and when they assured

me I was I determined to ask for a rise as I felt convinced the job was worth
more than 25/- a week. So I went and tapped at the office of Mr. Riggs.
"Excuse me Sir", I said, but do I suit you?". "Yes", he replied (and his face
was all smiles), “you suit me admirably. you seem to have got hold of the knack
of the job in this short space of time and the job is yours". Then I said

"it is worth a bit more than 25/- a week and I want a rise in wages".

"But you have only been here a fortnight" he replied "and now you come to me
and want a rise in wages" (and his face was now devoid of any smiles) "I

bought I was doing you a good turn in giving you a job", he went on. So I
thought it was time I explained. And I did. First I explained the terms of
reference that I was engaged only as an experiment, that if I did not suit in the
two weeks I was to be discharged. but if I suited the job was mine". Then I

explained that I came from the docks where everything was estimated in tonnage.