_ 98 ._
And I explained how many tone I had lifted and put into Press as a labourer.
I also told him that if I had been working in the docks that on my figures
I would have received $3.0.0. a week. He was quite non-plussed.
“Look here", he said, "I will give you 2/6d a. week rise, but don't say anything

downstairs to the men". 01‘ course I promised.

Then it came out we were to work late as the Season had commenced. The men
seemed to be delighted at this order but when I found out that we were to work
up to 9 pan. or 10 pun. at ordinary time rates, I was disgusted and made no
secret of my disgust. I was placed in a dilemma. I did not want to throw
myself out of work with a repetition of the three months I had experienced
of starvation when I left the Liverpool Steamers Quay. But I agitated all I
could at the injustice of working all those hours at Ordinar: rates of wages.
As the busy eeaeon commenced the engaged what was termed Season Hands. These
were men that they employed during the two seasons of the year and who when
they were unemployed came up to the firm each Saturday and received each man
2/6d as a gesture that they were still on the Books. Pardon. I ought to have
wrote "as a gesture they were still on the ﬂing" to be taken down as and when
they were required. I noticed a very tall man amongst these season hands, who
was made more conspicuous by the fact that he was coupled up with a very short
man whose name was Dicky Fahay. I learned that this tall fellow‘s name was
Haselwood. In the course of my Agitating, which of course had to take on the
appearance of a whispering conspiracy. I was pleased to find he was of the
same views as myself. As a matter of fact he was more advanced as to what
was requisite to meet the situation. Eventually we succeeded in getting
about 12 of the more enlightened men to see the value of being organised.
we canvassed the Shops in the London area. This meant spending our liesure
time and our money and getting drunk occasionally, as one of the defects of
olothworkers is their liking for beer. We started the Clothworkers' Branch with
two Headquarters, one at the Fox and Grapes, Brewer Street. W. and the other
at the Crown, Clerkenwell Green. We were very frightened, so much so that we
employed a fellow from the printing trade to be our Branch Secretary and paid
him a salary. Our Assistant Secretary was one of Jennens Welch East End Carmen -
Jack Carey. When I look back to those day of 1910 - 1911 - Jack Carey would
sit in the Four Ale Bar of the Fox and Grapes in Brewer Street, VI. He would
call for a glass of Ale and with his Collecting Books he would sit at a table
in the bar. waiting for Clothworkers to turn up to join or pay their contributions.
The potman would come over and in wiping the table with his swab would whisper
"Not many of 'em showed up Govnor". for Jack only had the one glass of ale —
1d a glass, and had secured the use of the bar by the excuse that he had a lot

of members coming to pay contributions who incidentally would be likely to