_ 99 -
buy beer. One did show up three parts drunk, Dicky Fehay. "Hello, Jack,
I have come to pay my contributions". he shouted. "here you are. 3d.“.

Then in a whisper "Jack, lend us a couple of bob till Friday".

Then when we had our general meeting we would get in touch with one of

the Docker'e Union to send along a speaker whom' we paid, and to see our
Branch Secretary come striding thro the hall in a Bran-hew Silk Hat and

Frock Coat and all the members clapping him. Only those few in the know
realized he was a Bogey. It was not long before we had to seek him out

owing to his embezzlements of the members' threepencee a week. And he
disappeared, then came Arthur Allery a Packer from Perrott S: Parrott. He was
an amateur Speaker and after a time we had to seek him out for embezzlements
of money. At last came Jack Carey; one who had all this time acted as
assistant-secretary, end who was and still is One of the Most Honest Men

I have ever come across. I have had in years gone by many an altercation
with Jack Carey, but as far as money was concerned he played the game
straight. So Jack as I have wrote took over the job as Branch Secretary

and Haselwood and myself spent many evenings and many shillings in refreshments
travelling to the Crown at Clerkenwell Green in the Interests of london

Clothworkers .

It sometimes happened that the Branch Secretary and myself would stand
conversing outside his home a whole evening all about the wisest course

to take with reference to the affairs of the Branch. And eventually we linked
up with the Workers Union. I had become interested in attending political
meetings and was a supporter of the Liberals. (The Labour Party was in its
infancy at this date). And I recall Mr. Lloyd George's famous Limehouse speech.
Also the warning he gave to Germany in his speech at the Mansion House. But

I never dreamed that War was approaching and yet when I look back and recall
how one political agitation followed another - Free Trade v Tariffs, the
Battle—ship's competition, the Agadir Incident, the Murder of the Arch-Duke
Ferdinand of Austria at Sarejevo. The War commenced between France and
Germany. It seemed to come so quickly and yet I never realized I should be
involved in it. Our firm posted a notice that owing to the War on the Continent
we could only work three days a week. It was generally accepted that it would
all be over in a few weeks. Then came August and England's Ultimation to
Germany. I confess that I am proud to be born in a Country that has the Pluck
and Audacity to challenge such a Big Power us Gemanx. Only those who have
been abroad know and realize how small this England of Ours is in comparison

to other lands. And Germany with is Vast Resources - It's Military Machine,

It's wonderful thoroughness — let England Challegged Her To Fight.